Timothy Sackton: So as the sun sats across the planes of Dunbar. and the storm that has lingered in this.
Timothy Sackton: this part of the north of the country disperses
Timothy Sackton: the light of the setting sun, illuminating the
Timothy Sackton: pools of mud and
Timothy Sackton: rivulets of water running across the land, caused by months and months of rainfall
Timothy Sackton: as Fragr returns from his hunt
Timothy Sackton: without.
Timothy Sackton: like a brace of 3 antelope slung over his shoulder, and approaches a dry spot in the shelter of the
Timothy Sackton: of the
Timothy Sackton: ruined, crashed, grounded skyship.
Timothy Sackton: and hands off the antelope to daweth to begin
Timothy Sackton: cooking some a late dinner, as he prepares to sit and
Timothy Sackton: talk with you all before vanishing into the storms, to explore Tagar in a different form.
Timothy Sackton: Let's go around and just briefly describe keeping it to, you know
Timothy Sackton: a short paragraph at most. each of your characters at this moment, after the
Timothy Sackton: freeing of Allgar, and the sort of success of your
Timothy Sackton: previous mission
Timothy Sackton: who has to go first.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and so is.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as for the quest of time, actually is actually the entire time that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: proud are and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: deal with or hunting has been in sitting cross-legged in front of the fire.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Lewis Lewis travel rogue.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: covering his long hair tied back
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
it's a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kenzo has been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: in a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meditative state and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you sense, and feel actually a a strong energy around him.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a bluish aura
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: churning almost like a flame around him. But just gentle
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as Kenzo alternates between sitting cross-legged and meditating.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but then also quickly flashing handsibles quickly. You you recognize, maybe, some patterns here that you may have seen in the past, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but he's just lost. He's in a trance, and just just sitting.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: channeling energy from some planes, some
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: realm and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: lost in that state
Timothy Sackton: somebody else.
This
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker is just on the other side
Eric Rosenbaum: of our encampment. Across the fire from Kenzo, similarly sacked out in the zone, he's
Eric Rosenbaum: sprawled among
Eric Rosenbaum: the pile of
Eric Rosenbaum: strange books, widely varying in size and shape that we've just recovered from the tower
Eric Rosenbaum: and deeply involved with them. We've always known secret to be
Eric Rosenbaum: curious, maybe obsessive.
Eric Rosenbaum: But now, as you look at his depth of focus, you you start to wonder. He's pouring over the smallest of the books, which, as far as you can tell, is completely blank, and he's totally focused on it.
Eric Rosenbaum: If there's almost an irresistible curiosity, and if you were
Eric Rosenbaum: to look alongside him too closely, you might get sucked into it
Eric Rosenbaum: and receive disadvantage of them. Dexterity saving throws or something, anyway.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker's gone deeper into his obsession and other worldliness.
Eric Rosenbaum: I didn't do the rubric but Anyway, I did enough. I
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Kate: this spin is the grounded in her dwarven practicality. She's she's got her gear to tend, checking to her armor to make sure that it doesn't need any tinkering or
Kate: metal work repairs. taking care of her horse, who has returned after being well taken care of.
Kate: and generally.
Kate: you know.
Kate: shatter storms and good repair. Her
Kate: gauntlets are in good repair, she's checking all her armor and her
Kate: and her weaponry.
and
Kate: saying her. What time of day. Is it? Prayers?
Timothy Sackton: Sunset.
Kate: evening prayers?
UU Church of Boulder: Well, these
UU Church of Boulder: sitting
UU Church of Boulder: leaning back against Baxter, sort of being a a makeshift deep behind him.
UU Church of Boulder: and
UU Church of Boulder: almost all the time that we've traveled together. You've known Wellbe is like this creature of habit that every night, almost every night he'll unpack all of his belongings. He'll check every arrow and resharpen it again, and
so he's got that
UU Church of Boulder: laid out in front of him the bag.
UU Church of Boulder: But there is a lightness to him maybe that wasn't there before, and
UU Church of Boulder: as he goes through the familiar motions his attention starts to wander, and then he realizes that he has not been paying any attention to what he's doing, but his hands know exactly what to do, and he sort of flicks back down
UU Church of Boulder: and smiles, and then
UU Church of Boulder: closes his eyes and
UU Church of Boulder: finishes the rest of the routine without looking at all.
UU Church of Boulder: but with a big grin.
Mike Sackton: And you didn't know I I just realized I was muted
Mike Sackton: Dallas.
Mike Sackton: you know, as
he looks different than he has
Mike Sackton: before the separation.
Mike Sackton: Before we all split up for a while his armor has changed. He's no longer wearing his shadow armor. He's wearing this brightly colored
Mike Sackton: sort of
Mike Sackton: scale and and weather armor. you know, with some animal motifs on it.
Mike Sackton: His shield sits next to him, and the the eyes of the 2 winks is on the shield. Watch the camp.
Mike Sackton: and every once in a while it almost looks like the head of one of the links is is kind of looking up and peering around to kind of get a better view of what's going on.
Mike Sackton: You notice some new decorations and jewelry, and that Delta is wearing, too. There's like a small feather braided in his hair.
Mike Sackton: He has a a small ring with like a.
Mike Sackton: It almost looks like a member of a
Mike Sackton: just a nothing like fancy, not fancy jewelry or something, but it almost looks like an ember of a
Mike Sackton: camp fire ember right like a symbolic representation of a campfire.
Mike Sackton: There's a pendant he wears around his neck with a small
Mike Sackton: dagger like a or spear, I guess. Actually like maybe this big.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: also on the pendant, is a small like wooden carved butterfly
Eric Rosenbaum: that
Mike Sackton: he's
Mike Sackton: cooking
Mike Sackton: happily, almost, or actually. Happily, for you know, he's pulling these interesting spices out of his his spice bag, which is also new.
Mike Sackton: and you've always gotten the sudden dull. It's always been kind of the camp quartermaster and camp chef, and he's always cooked good food. But you've always kind of got in the sense that
Mike Sackton: it felt like a
Mike Sackton: obligation or a
Mike Sackton: no. It reminded him of past trauma. It's like
Mike Sackton: something that he felt he had to do because it was his place to do it, but not something that he enjoyed.
Mike Sackton: But tonight you just you sense this joy in cooking like he's he's
Mike Sackton: singing, he's reciting some Elvish poetry he's for citing some of the other poems that he half remembers from the the poet
Mike Sackton: the blank first to it I forget his their name, but and
Mike Sackton: sort of
Mike Sackton: butchering the antelope with with a
Mike Sackton: almost joyful energy as he kind of looks around at at everybody in camp.
Timothy Sackton: So how are you going to say butchering the poetry?
Mike Sackton: 8. Honestly, he's actually pretty good at like. Actually, he's reciting, You know, the the poems. Actually, you know, he's a he has a compelling presence you could probably get by as a as a
Mike Sackton: or if he tried. Like You're not. He's not butchering the poetry. It comes off pretty well
Mike Sackton: that he keeps forgetting what he's saying. He's losing the threat of the poem, and Ben's like No. I don't remember what this guy was was about. so that maybe detracts a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: so as as you are all scattered across camp. Pralgar
Timothy Sackton: walks forward, and you can feel, Kenz and your meditation seeker in your
Timothy Sackton: fiddling with your books. Well be with his eyes closed. Deal with cooking was when praying. You can feel the earth shake every time. Prag our steps.
Timothy Sackton: and at this full height is about 2530 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: like nearly that. This.
Timothy Sackton: the the ship itself, having been excavated and dragged out of the earth by Haulgar, is, is maybe
Timothy Sackton: 50 feet off the ground, but reaching over his hand, trying to can reach the top of this
Timothy Sackton: checked. And for you it's this massive cliff.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: you know, in there is something about his physical presence
Timothy Sackton: most of the time you've interacted with him and been in the dreamscape, and somehow you did. He didn't seem quite so
Timothy Sackton: looming and towering over everything when you were in his dreaming. Just the very fact when he sits down near you to listen, You're still looking
Timothy Sackton: 15 feet up
Timothy Sackton: to his worn, tired face.
Timothy Sackton: You can see he has. He has long, scraggly white hair that's disheveled.
Timothy Sackton: Water still drips off the back of his head from
Timothy Sackton: the rainstorm which Hasn't seemed to despite it, clearing up the rain. Hasn't seemed to quite pass over him. There's still some thing of the storm lingering on him.
Timothy Sackton: His eyes are blue white.
Timothy Sackton: It's got a sort of
Timothy Sackton: unshaven, unkempt beard.
Timothy Sackton: and as he leans forward, bringing his head closer to you, his head substantially bigger than most of you, only Kenzo, and maybe deal with
Timothy Sackton: at
would even, you know, match the size of his head
Timothy Sackton: as he leans in
Timothy Sackton: listening, and says quietly for him, but in a booming voice that echoes
Timothy Sackton: with a hint of thunder.
Timothy Sackton: I will
Timothy Sackton: enjoy your company for the evening before I depart. Should there be anything you wish to discuss.
Timothy Sackton: please?
Timothy Sackton: I would enjoy the company or companionable silence if that's what you would prefer.
Timothy Sackton: It looks over towards Delaware cooking.
Timothy Sackton: It takes a deep breath and sort of leans back, sort of in anticipation. just waiting patiently for whatever happens next.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: By this point Tzo's broken his meditation, and has has taken his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: staff, and has been
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: carving into into his staff. And
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that says to Heralgar.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Harold, Art.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It would be an honor before
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the break before the dawn breaks, and you depart
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to continue to learn more of your story. I
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I've written one, I remember. and look forward to writing more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so I hope to continue to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: hear more of your journeys and your
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: your adventures. I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for all of us. We're concerned about a Polyon and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the drinkhorian era
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that you are in. That seems still to be connected to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what's unfolding in today's time.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it might benefit all of us to learn more of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what you've seen and understood of that time, because
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: those insights seem relevant. Now
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: did we write down? Met a game like the list of questions we went and asked for all of our we like came up with a whole bunch of questions
Eric Rosenbaum: that in the last I have one very specific thing also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know if you wrote anything down. I didn't write down the questions that you said you were going to ask him.
UU Church of Boulder: I don't think we did. But here's a link to Seekers Journal. If we want to add other stuff to as we go.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I have. I have a couple of things.
Timothy Sackton: So he he turns to ken Zone. He says.
Timothy Sackton: I
Timothy Sackton: I spent much of my younger days, not Karen, for
Timothy Sackton: humans
Timothy Sackton: uninterested in their presence across the land. It is easy not to notice them.
Timothy Sackton: and in those days drank, or was
Timothy Sackton: the Empire was a force for peace?
Timothy Sackton: It was the
Timothy Sackton: the Golden Age. I guess
Timothy Sackton: it's always hard to see the best times when you're in them.
Timothy Sackton: I did
Timothy Sackton: have visitors sometimes who came up to the mountains to
Timothy Sackton: share their stories.
Timothy Sackton: But after the Civil War
Timothy Sackton: sort of stopped caring for the humans.
Timothy Sackton: the chaos down on the planes below. tranquillion fighting, drink, or in and
Timothy Sackton: what difference did it make to me?
Timothy Sackton: High in the sky above them up in the mountains?
Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Still got her news sometimes.
Timothy Sackton: and the stone born of the dwarfs
Timothy Sackton: in those days the kingdom of our death was
Timothy Sackton: powerful and learned.
Timothy Sackton: Many dwarfs would come visit me.
Timothy Sackton: We would talk of magic in the past, and the sky above and the
Eric Rosenbaum: deep dark below.
Timothy Sackton: Those were also good days, but maybe not for the humans, and it
Timothy Sackton: was only later, maybe
Timothy Sackton: a 100 years or more. After the end of the Civil War.
Timothy Sackton: After many drink, Korean Empire emperors had died in battle to the east.
Timothy Sackton: began to venture again across the plans.
Timothy Sackton: It was the end that I was.
Timothy Sackton: and he looks sort of around.
Timothy Sackton: This tower happened to me
Timothy Sackton: during a polyon's reign. I I know little of him other than
Timothy Sackton: not all, and not all, and drink or
Timothy Sackton: agreed with his reign.
But he had a
Timothy Sackton: He got away with the words he had a
Timothy Sackton: the magic to.
Timothy Sackton: and he pulled many to his side.
Timothy Sackton: and he was the most successful emperor in battle in
Timothy Sackton: 50 years, and that pulled many more.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You say more of
UU Church of Boulder: how he was so successful in battle. Why.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: what what strategies was he using special magic?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I was able to achieve such such great victory over such a long period of time
Timothy Sackton: he was skilled in magic beyond any I had seen.
Timothy Sackton: He had a
Timothy Sackton: tower, a laboratory of
Timothy Sackton: place
Timothy Sackton: in the ocean.
Timothy Sackton: south and west of drink, or that
Timothy Sackton: even the winds and the storms could not penetrate. No news ever came to me of that place.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was this a perfectly circular island by chance.
Timothy Sackton: I think it was something like that. Yes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and you never went yourself.
Timothy Sackton: I could not.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Why not?
Timothy Sackton: Something of his magic kept the winds away. kept the storms away.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If we were to try to go there, do you know.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or have any advice or thoughts on how we might be able to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: have you heard of anybody that's on there?
Timothy Sackton: He sort of closes his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: I know not who may have traveled there long ago.
Timothy Sackton: People came and went ships sailed there.
Timothy Sackton: The humans, the the
Timothy Sackton: drink orions of these planes they were. They were never really my chief interest.
UU Church of Boulder: If you
Timothy Sackton: they only saw what
Timothy Sackton: news? The winds broad, and what passed across these plains and blue into the mountains.
Timothy Sackton: or what I saw as a passing storm on the wind.
Timothy Sackton: did not care for their
Timothy Sackton: politics and conflicts
Timothy Sackton: wasn't like it was in the early days
Timothy Sackton: on the
Timothy Sackton: scholars of drank, or would humbly approach to ask my favor and advice.
Timothy Sackton: So they turned away. I turned away.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know, if Apollon strength he mentioned his magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Was he? Was it a a magic that he had
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: acquired himself, or was he using powerful items? Is there? Do you know more about the source of his power?
Timothy Sackton: I know a little of
Timothy Sackton: now a little of how he
Timothy Sackton: became emperor, or
Timothy Sackton: there was a
Timothy Sackton: the drank onions, loved
Timothy Sackton: societies of all kinds. clubs and organizations.
Timothy Sackton: secret and not
Eric Rosenbaum: civic groups and
Timothy Sackton: magical societies.
Timothy Sackton: I was one that
Timothy Sackton: that a poly on was
Timothy Sackton: important, and or
Timothy Sackton: the leader of
Timothy Sackton: called the ominous Pure. They were
Timothy Sackton: no, not really where they came from, but
Timothy Sackton: they had
Timothy Sackton: f or
Timothy Sackton: discover
Timothy Sackton: somehow
Timothy Sackton: acquired some powerful magic.
Timothy Sackton: and believe that
Timothy Sackton: they were the pinnacle of all creation.
Timothy Sackton: Putting themselves above the alder races, even the first children of
Timothy Sackton: are on Mallcor
Timothy Sackton: giants and the dragons.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: They were humans.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: what form did this powerful magic that they discovered? Take?
Timothy Sackton: I think this was
Timothy Sackton: part of a polyon. Skill in battle is the war. Mages.
Eric Rosenbaum: you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: do not know if this was new magic, but
Timothy Sackton: young races are always rediscovering things that we have known forever.
Timothy Sackton: You know this as a dwarf. I am sure of them.
Timothy Sackton: Those and and you down with must know this. The
Timothy Sackton: humans come and go so quickly they forget
Timothy Sackton: and find something.
Timothy Sackton: find something again and again and again, thinking it new each time
Eric Rosenbaum: they delight in learning like children.
Timothy Sackton: I have no memory of the past.
Timothy Sackton: no sense of the future.
Eric Rosenbaum: And yet this
Eric Rosenbaum: Club and
Eric Rosenbaum: Apollon's power persist, so perhaps they did discover something being this time.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps. was never my concern
Timothy Sackton: Even they cannot change the weather.
Eric Rosenbaum: Who.
Eric Rosenbaum: Roger? I've been
Eric Rosenbaum: studying some of these books that we rescued from the Tower
Eric Rosenbaum: before you rightly returned it to dust.
Eric Rosenbaum: The one of them is written in
Eric Rosenbaum: your tone, as far as I can tell. hails before the fall it's called.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I pull out from behind me a book that is.
UU Church of Boulder: I think, twice as tall as I am. Actually
Eric Rosenbaum: it's it's some effort that I lever it up so that you can look at the cover
Eric Rosenbaum: and then stand up. Ask for
Eric Rosenbaum: Webe's help, holding up the other end and wrench open the cover
Eric Rosenbaum: to lift it around so that we can see the from this piece.
Eric Rosenbaum: None of us can read Giant. I'm afraid
Eric Rosenbaum: you think there's anything of interest in here. Would you be willing? Oh, I can read Giant
Eric Rosenbaum: to read everything. He looks at it, and he says, Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: I do wonder where domest came by such a book.
Timothy Sackton: It is
Timothy Sackton: not uncommon among the amongst the giants, although few of our works are written
Timothy Sackton: because
Timothy Sackton: it is a tale of the legendary histories of our people from the age of creation.
Timothy Sackton: Alright. story of the elder Titans and
Timothy Sackton: the empires of our times that stretched across.
Timothy Sackton: He looks around all this land that you can see, and far beyond as well
Timothy Sackton: before any of your kind set foot on this land.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what is the fall referred to in the title
Timothy Sackton: a
Timothy Sackton: all is maybe not. How I would translate that word
Timothy Sackton: separation.
Timothy Sackton: Once.
Timothy Sackton: long ago.
Timothy Sackton: when the world was young.
Timothy Sackton: the planes that we know now. or mental plains, the Fay, wild or not.
Timothy Sackton: separate from the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: really
you.
Timothy Sackton: but
Timothy Sackton: a rotten mob.
Timothy Sackton: when they
Timothy Sackton: made the firstborn of the alder races.
Timothy Sackton: separated the worlds.
Timothy Sackton: and much of the magic and
Timothy Sackton: power that was in the land
Timothy Sackton: was pulled apart
Timothy Sackton: to the other planes.
Timothy Sackton: So these are tales from before then.
Timothy Sackton: for humans before I was before Dwarves.
Eric Rosenbaum: We're have wings.
Timothy Sackton: for even the gods of your kind were walked the earth.
Eric Rosenbaum: and in the time of this rift what happened to the giants?
Eric Rosenbaum: Did they disperse to the among the planes, or are they all here on Telgar
Timothy Sackton: most left.
Timothy Sackton: like the dragons and the Fay and the elementals.
Eric Rosenbaum: Some stayed, but our empires fell.
Timothy Sackton: crumbled without the magic to sustain them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: Are you personally of an age to remember this?
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: I was only
Timothy Sackton: 500 when I was trapped. I guess I would be over a 1,000 years now. But
Timothy Sackton: few of our kind now live more than
Timothy Sackton: for millennia.
Timothy Sackton: and most last.
Eric Rosenbaum: So you are in your old age now you're saying
Timothy Sackton: few of my kind, anyway.
Timothy Sackton: It is hard to explain.
Timothy Sackton: If a hierarchy, if you see a hurricane crash into land from
Timothy Sackton: the mount powered by the monsoons of the Green Sea. There is the good chance that is not just a hurricane.
Timothy Sackton: but an ancient storm giant who has passed on from the mortal realm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. you!
Timothy Sackton: This is where I plan to go as well.
Timothy Sackton: It is
Timothy Sackton: not death as you would describe it.
Timothy Sackton: But it is something different.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's good to know
Eric Rosenbaum: and comfort, and a comfort to know that you, our friend, will persists in this world in that way.
Eric Rosenbaum: There's another book
Eric Rosenbaum: on the Ordering of Giants.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's written in a language that at least I can't identify, perhaps deal with might at a glance.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it certainly appears to be about giants who
Eric Rosenbaum: recognize it.
Mike Sackton: Can I identify languages, or just read them?
Timothy Sackton: You can just make a
an intelligence jacket.
Timothy Sackton: Mostly you can just read them. But
Timothy Sackton: this one is not would not be easy to identify. Yeah, now, you don't know what it is.
Mike Sackton: What what does it say? I mean? Could I
Mike Sackton: tell what way? Yeah, you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can flip through it. I mean, you can see.
Timothy Sackton: you know it's. It seems to be kind of a natural history of sorts of giants. It's clearly a written from a human perspective.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Sort of, you know, describing the
Mike Sackton: different kinds of giants and their habits, and like, I mean, you're just kind of skimming through it.
Timothy Sackton: It's very old. It requires a lot of care to even turn the pages without damaging them, and
Timothy Sackton: probably like using made Chan to like carefully, like turn each page or something.
Mike Sackton: Is there a Are these printed books. Are they all handwritten
Timothy Sackton: handwriting?
Mike Sackton: Okay, so they're printing presses on tag there.
Mike Sackton: That's a good question. Charlotte must have printing presses. I mean, does Charlotte have printing presses, and they have animated quails. I don't know. Maybe they never invented printing presses because
Mike Sackton: they had animated quells.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, I wouldn't even be animated. Individual quills. It would just be like some like large scale, like like the the the it just like it would stop here. There's no you know.
Timothy Sackton: There's definitely ways. There's you know, the the
Timothy Sackton: Chardonian. The great library definitely has a ways to magically
Timothy Sackton: duplicate boxes, not armies of scribes sitting around copying things over.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, My God! Is there magic? AI.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I guess it's just like, is that like elementals, or like you know.
UU Church of Boulder: there's all demons devils so like UN unseen servants like, yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: really.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally unseen servants. That's what we need on our our shit. We need like some AI butlers, some like magic butlers that like, go and like when we go on a quest like they like, you know, set up alarm signs they like clean up and they sweep. And you know.
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah, I have some
Eric Rosenbaum: tricks that I'm considering for
Eric Rosenbaum: related things
Eric Rosenbaum: that's interesting deal with. Is there a section on the storm dance in there? We could find out, at least, if it's claimed or accurate.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, is there?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I mean It's not.
Timothy Sackton: It's not like an encyclopedia, right? There's a lot of narrative. There's a lot of sort of collected legends and things along with the natural history.
Mike Sackton: Of course not. I mean it's gonna it would take some time to kind of share.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Read through it, and sort of try and summarize what it, what it's saying, and
Timothy Sackton: you know that that probably take a few hours
given the age of the book, and the sort of
Mike Sackton: right
Timothy Sackton: this from flipping through you can see there is like a suction on fire, giant storm giants.
Timothy Sackton: you know, Hill, Giants
Bross Giants Cloud Giants Stone giants like a bunch of different
Mike Sackton: right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I have some further study to do on these books.
Eric Rosenbaum: and I think even this very large one was worth taking with us.
Eric Rosenbaum: We'd like to find this
Eric Rosenbaum: phasing stone. He mentions up the mountains
Eric Rosenbaum: there any further clues as to how we might find it, and
Eric Rosenbaum: also happy. That is this gonna be hard to carry with us. Speaking of
Eric Rosenbaum: carrying things around.
Timothy Sackton: he sort of laughed chuckles lately.
Timothy Sackton: Still, don't really understand the phasing stones, do you?
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no, we'd love your help on that.
Timothy Sackton: It lets you
Timothy Sackton: reshape physics if it's too big for you to carry you'll just imagine it smaller.
Eric Rosenbaum: right
Eric Rosenbaum: tellful
UU Church of Boulder: what we're facing stones used for. Besides
UU Church of Boulder: piloting or powering ships like this.
Timothy Sackton: I guess it would depend on who possessed it
Timothy Sackton: much of
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I mean the lore
Timothy Sackton: from long ago. He points at the giant book. If you read that book you'll see
Timothy Sackton: long ago, before magic was diluted and all the planes pulled part.
Timothy Sackton: They could do anything.
Timothy Sackton: If you wanted a feast. You can make a feast
Timothy Sackton: if you wanted to be. If 30 feet tall, you could be 30 feet tall If you wanted instead to be a sparrow flying through the sky. You could be a sparrow.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but not in a vision like an actuality.
Timothy Sackton: Now, of course, their power is much constrained. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: flow of energy through
Timothy Sackton: that.
Timothy Sackton: he says like a long word in our language. You don't understand that
Timothy Sackton: pipes, I guess, through which magic flows are narrow, restricted.
so those that are left, or in my day those that were left.
Timothy Sackton: We're always attuned to specific purposes.
Timothy Sackton: So the one I had
Timothy Sackton: the one that I hope for your sake is still
UU Church of Boulder: in my ancient home. I used
Timothy Sackton: to provide food and drink for my guests.
Timothy Sackton: but with some effort it can be. We tuned to fly the airship.
Eric Rosenbaum: And what process does this free tuning involved.
Timothy Sackton: Wow!
Timothy Sackton: If you.
Timothy Sackton: if you reach my palace. my former home.
Timothy Sackton: The
Timothy Sackton: The lower floor of that building was once my library, and study
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Timothy Sackton: light that shown through the skylights
Timothy Sackton: illuminating it's quite pretty in the when the morning snow fell in.
Timothy Sackton: twinkled in the light.
Timothy Sackton: If you can find that place in the center of the library. There's a vast stone pillar stretching maybe 80 feet. going from top to bottom of the floor.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Timothy Sackton: and if you
Timothy Sackton: Channel lightning Magic. Into this pillar rooms will appear ruins that
Timothy Sackton: well
Timothy Sackton: describe how to construct
Timothy Sackton: the controls of a sky ship and embed the phasing stone in them
Eric Rosenbaum: that's convenient.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: I do not recall now the details, and so I wrote them down.
Eric Rosenbaum: but
Timothy Sackton: he looks at Seeker and risman. Between the 2 of you. I have full faith. You can
Timothy Sackton: follow my instructions if if any of you can read Giant, I guess.
Timothy Sackton: to not think to carve my instructions and dwarfish. Unfortunately. I hope that will not be an insurmountable barrier.
Eric Rosenbaum: It seems our elf is literate and giant.
Timothy Sackton: Well, then, between the 3 of you
Timothy Sackton: I have
Timothy Sackton: both. Faith, you will figure it out. You might also look while you're there.
Timothy Sackton: There's a little book only.
Timothy Sackton: or 5 feet tall, half again as wide might be missing if you can find it. It tells the story of Ben Drista Jarna, the Star of the Wind, this ship that's crashed.
Timothy Sackton: It is my notes and
Timothy Sackton: collections of stories that people told me, as I
Timothy Sackton: start to understand the history of my people in these lands.
Eric Rosenbaum: that may be of interest to you as well, although again I,
Timothy Sackton: you know not what has survived these past 1,000 years.
Timothy Sackton: although I would be surprised if my
Timothy Sackton: stone has fallen
Eric Rosenbaum: the
Eric Rosenbaum: among my people. We say it is always advisable
Eric Rosenbaum: on purchasing
Eric Rosenbaum: a new sky shift.
Eric Rosenbaum: Be sure, to buy a visit. A record of any previous ownerships, and especially accident.
Timothy Sackton: He chuckled slightly. A sense. Well. who looks? It looks to his right.
Timothy Sackton: There's some significant accidents in the history of this particular airship.
Eric Rosenbaum: I look forward to learning it to all of its quirks.
Timothy Sackton: I never did find
Timothy Sackton: how it crashed in the end.
Eric Rosenbaum: No.
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm!
Eric Rosenbaum: And it must have had it sorry if we discussed this last time. I forgot it must have had a phasing stone that's now been removed.
Timothy Sackton: not removed, destroyed in the crash, I gather.
Eric Rosenbaum: You see.
Timothy Sackton: there is a shards of it. Still, I can sense. You might be able to find useless for piloting, but perhaps you can find some other use for them.
Eric Rosenbaum: Perhaps shards. You can sense.
Timothy Sackton: It is there in the ship somewhere.
Eric Rosenbaum: really
Timothy Sackton: just one piece.
Eric Rosenbaum: just one. Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll I'll have a look.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's now.
Timothy Sackton: It's now well dark, and he looks up at this guy, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I will happily talk into my into the night, my friends.
Timothy Sackton: but I would not mind. One last night of sleep as well.
Timothy Sackton: You, then
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we just have a few more questions for you, Raulgar. That's all right.
Timothy Sackton: please.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We're curious again, just to share with you these.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do you know of ways in which powerful artifacts could in fact, be destroyed?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We believe that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a polyon is gathering artifacts now, or employing his
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: as millions to do so. and we're concerned about them falling into the wrong hands. Do you know of ways to destroy? Powerful magic?
Timothy Sackton: Powerful magic can be destroyed by other powerful magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He was going to say something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: what you would like to destroy
Kate: Some advice came to us that a volcanoes, each
Kate: perhaps. suffice
Kate: to destroy electrical objects. Some volcanoes are
Timothy Sackton: echoes of when the plane of fire was connected to this world.
Timothy Sackton: the magic of the plane of fire would suffice to destroy. Many artifacts, indeed.
UU Church of Boulder: were seeking to destroy the artifacts that belonged to Apollon, and survived his passing.
Timothy Sackton: That sounds like a great quest. but not my quest.
Timothy Sackton: What would you like to know
Kate: to?
Kate: Can we describe where we think the one volcano we know of is, and ask if that's a
Kate: he knows that. That's that.
Timothy Sackton: Well, you know the volcano way to the East that Kansas saw is definitely connected to the plane of fire, because Kenzo talked to somebody from the plane of fire, he said, this is my volcano.
Kate: Okay? So are there. Why don't we start with that one like there's one very far in the East.
Kate: There is a volcano very far to the East that we know
Kate: is connected to the planet Fire, as you describe.
Kate: We wonder if there are other similar locations that we have not yet learned of, that You.
Timothy Sackton: The solid and static
Timothy Sackton: heat and flame of a volcano is not so much my domain. My cousins, the Fire Giants, would know better. Some once lived east of here long ago, but I have no idea if they are still there or not, or if they would even deign to speak with humans
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or any of the other younger races.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: might you be able to make an introduction.
Timothy Sackton: not night, and I won't be here tomorrow. but I do know
Timothy Sackton: something of volcanoes.
Timothy Sackton: The north coast of the Green Sea.
where I grew up in my childhood
Timothy Sackton: many of the islands that the sea people there lived on on volcanic, and
UU Church of Boulder: there
Timothy Sackton: chain of volcanoes runs all the way across the
Timothy Sackton: north, across the
Timothy Sackton: the mountains that were the
Timothy Sackton: the home of a loose collection of tribes and small kingdoms
Timothy Sackton: on the northern border of drank, or
Timothy Sackton: stretching all the way across the central mountain range
Timothy Sackton: to land of fire and ice. a mountain chain running east and west.
Timothy Sackton: and that same ring of volcanoes continued across the green sea, then cutting across
Timothy Sackton: the island.
Timothy Sackton: It's called the Airline. My day, I know not if it is still called such a large island in the middle of the Green Sea
Timothy Sackton: and south and west of here
Timothy Sackton: many of the islands in the Neva Sea are volcanic.
Timothy Sackton: could not tell you which of these volcanoes may be
Timothy Sackton: a remnant of this connection to the you know fire; but
Timothy Sackton: should you wish to search for volcanoes, that is where I would start
Kate: the islands and the seas. and
UU Church of Boulder: the question of sees makes me wonder if you travel due east across the Green Sea. Is there a far shore?
Timothy Sackton: Not even my people know the answer to that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: was
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
UU Church of Boulder: Wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What
Timothy Sackton: should you really wish to know? What is far beyond the horizon in the ocean? Have to speak with the Murphoke.
UU Church of Boulder: i'm adding it to the side quest list.
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice seems important.
Mike Sackton: It's totally.
Mike Sackton: You say you will not be here tomorrow, but
Mike Sackton: as the wind Could you not send an omen to the Fire Giant?
Timothy Sackton: I know not even if these giants still live east of here.
Timothy Sackton: If I pass that way.
Timothy Sackton: and I see them.
Timothy Sackton: perhaps the omen of my passing well
Timothy Sackton: echo in their dreams.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Vulgar! A final question for me. You mentioned again much about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: ominous, pure, and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Apollon's leading leadership of them. and you also talked about
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a powerful magic that they had
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: come across. Can you say more about the magic and their powers and their ambitions.
Timothy Sackton: Well, their ambition was clear to put themselves above all others
Timothy Sackton: to purify the land under their control
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and magic.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I don't know. I assume that there must be answers in a poly ons layer on this island.
Timothy Sackton: But again. that was never my
Timothy Sackton: that was never my concern.
Timothy Sackton: When they put themselves above
Timothy Sackton: others.
Timothy Sackton: They stopped coming. They stopped
Timothy Sackton: seeking the advice of
Timothy Sackton: when I stopped caring
Mike Sackton: it
Mike Sackton: for her. When we came here before. when you were lost in
Mike Sackton: your dreams and trapped
Mike Sackton: you, you nonetheless were able to
Mike Sackton: somehow
Mike Sackton: tell us something a true statement about the world
Mike Sackton: about a creature called Agatha.
Mike Sackton: Do you recall this at all. Do you know anything of this creature?
Timothy Sackton: I do not recall
Timothy Sackton: much of my entrapment.
Timothy Sackton: Closing his eyes.
Timothy Sackton: and the wind picks up a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: The winds always bring news omens portents.
Mike Sackton: I ask not because we are interested in importance of Augusta Fay, who is now where she deserves to be
Mike Sackton: it. But there's another creature garage
Mike Sackton: who is
Mike Sackton: gathering forces to the east of here.
Mike Sackton: undead of some sort. perhaps
Mike Sackton: of many ancient. perhaps
Mike Sackton: a creature of many years ago, or perhaps recently made undead. You don't know but
Mike Sackton: omens or rumors or stories the wind could bring of garage would be
Mike Sackton: valuable to us.
Timothy Sackton: I can
Timothy Sackton: listen, but even the wind does not travel instantaneously.
Timothy Sackton: He looks up at the sky as the stars are coming out.
Timothy Sackton: the importance are unsettled.
Timothy Sackton: There is
Timothy Sackton: violence coming.
Timothy Sackton: or
Timothy Sackton: sort of looks puzzled for a minute.
Timothy Sackton: but strangely little death.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Frankly a little what
Mike Sackton: nobody dies who crash it. Garage kills. He raises them back as zombies. Yeah, and none of his army ever dies permanently, either.
UU Church of Boulder: That's going to be a problem
Mike Sackton: that is going to be a
Eric Rosenbaum: another nasty range.
Kate: Maybe we can intentionally make a romance, but.
Kate: like I don't know, find a portal and stick them in. I mean, we just have to put them in the mirror.
Mike Sackton: We put him in the mirror, and then we put the mirror in the back of holding and let it all explode. What would happen? I guess he'd just be violently ejected. He wouldn't die.
UU Church of Boulder: No.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When I was in the the plan of souls
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I saw what garage was doing, he was somehow able to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: prevent the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: he was able to manipulate
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a dying soul's journey. The afterlife
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to the to the realms beyond
Mike Sackton: the domus had a book
Timothy Sackton: and a book from a car the land where humans are created
Timothy Sackton: about the journey that souls take.
Timothy Sackton: Perhaps there is some clue in there.
Eric Rosenbaum: I yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: seeker rummages through his pile of interesting books.
Eric Rosenbaum: the Journeys of Souls. This one
Eric Rosenbaum: it's all survived.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's it's another delicate one deal with. Perhaps you could help us.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's another one in the strange language.
Mike Sackton: Is it the same strange language?
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: who
Mike Sackton: so? It's got to be the language of the first humans?
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
UU Church of Boulder: One
Mike Sackton: man. I wonder if something's written here about the very first humans? Wouldn't that be interesting?
Eric Rosenbaum: What do you mean?
Mike Sackton: The ones who had no parents?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How are the first humans created
Timothy Sackton: by
Timothy Sackton: by the gods, if it gods
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you. And
Mike Sackton: it was all like if it was like the first elves.
Mike Sackton: My people tell tales of the first generation.
Mike Sackton: Legend says, there's even a few of them still alive.
Eric Rosenbaum: of which generation of the first else
Mike Sackton: first generation of elves.
Eric Rosenbaum: How old would they be now
Mike Sackton: several or 5 5,000, something like that.
Mike Sackton: My generation was the 30 Fifth.
Mike Sackton: I forget. I think it was. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Each each generation is a 100 and 50 years.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How old is that book? A way of knowing?
Timothy Sackton: I mean, you have a mirror that shows the history of things
Eric Rosenbaum: Interesting plan.
Mike Sackton: That's a brilliant idea.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Mike Sackton: yeah, i'm mute, Kate.
Mike Sackton: We prefer to pester a storm giant about stuff he doesn't, either. Wow, we can't use it. Yeah, it's recharged. Oh.
Mike Sackton: should we look at this ancient buck in the mirror?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's fascinating before we do.
Eric Rosenbaum: And while we're talking about this stack of books, I pull off one.
Eric Rosenbaum: The compared to the other ones actually seems like a postage stamp in size. It's a
Eric Rosenbaum: more like a small normal size book
Eric Rosenbaum: in this one.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think that term is usually referred used to refer to a
Eric Rosenbaum: a handbook, just a practical guide of some kind. It's written in Drank Orion, though, which I don't really. Do you read it right now with
Eric Rosenbaum: my current?
Mike Sackton: Yes, yes, I read it too.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's a and that fact is is less useful because
Eric Rosenbaum: speaker opens it. We're dealing with. The pages are
Eric Rosenbaum: notice to be empty.
Eric Rosenbaum: I haven't quite figured out how to reveal the the contents just yet does seem to be a magical book now.
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: do you know anything about this one now? There.
Timothy Sackton: Nothing
Eric Rosenbaum: you
Kate: maybe our mirror would.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. It's a
Eric Rosenbaum: connected to the occult of Ludin.
Eric Rosenbaum: Another one of these drank marine groups.
Mike Sackton: Do we know anything about the called Dilutum?
Mike Sackton: You you don't miss as a member of the right right right? Right? Right? Right? Right. I I know I heard the name somewhere
Eric Rosenbaum: What their connection is to the on this period. We don't know
Eric Rosenbaum: if any.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for all garb I know the night grows long.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We were, as we as we mentioned. We.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I believe it's of great importance to destroy these items of of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we're aware of a a scepter and a cloak
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and a ring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Have you heard of such items? You know of any others.
Timothy Sackton: theceptor?
Timothy Sackton: Yes, I did hear of that.
Timothy Sackton: The power to command army, as it is said
Timothy Sackton: I wasn't trapped before the
Timothy Sackton: heart of a Polyons rain.
Timothy Sackton: but there must be stories of him. And
Timothy Sackton: the histories of your people. Are there not?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Who's researching a lot, all of that for us right now?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: There's somebody researching for us. Right? Go here. Yeah, we sent a note.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nobody but
Mike Sackton: we should probably get go here to research that for us.
Mike Sackton: I think that's a bit of a hint there.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah solution. Here
Kate: we've got him up on. Who to ask, what do we want to ask somebody in what we want to wait? Didn't we ask over here to like. Get a list of the Emperors of drank or for us?
Timothy Sackton: No, I
Mike Sackton: Oh, nice, nice, could He's the Chardonian scholar Dude right?
Kate: Right? So this is what happened as we were gonna we thought that Tardonian might know better than the right.
Mike Sackton: Why, Why, didn't we do? We just forget.
Timothy Sackton: I think you could never really decide who the right person to ask ones will ask them both. So you got stuck in the indecision loop, which is a very common issue.
Mike Sackton: Also, what happens is we get tired. We forget what the hell we're doing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and all of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we. I appreciate greatly the potential ability to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: meet and seek you again.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Are there others of your clients that we might be able to speak with or learn from
Timothy Sackton: a 1,000 years ago? Yes.
Timothy Sackton: who is still alive. even as a storm.
Timothy Sackton: I look forward to finding out.
Timothy Sackton: I am sure there are others, but
Timothy Sackton: few, if any, that I know
Timothy Sackton: I am.
Timothy Sackton: I am displaced out of time
Timothy Sackton: by you, Don't. This is evil
Timothy Sackton: for better or worse.
Timothy Sackton: If it was a millennia ago, I could
Timothy Sackton: introduce you to many.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right we look forward to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: when our past cross again and hopefully you're able to find and meet many more of your your kind. I'm sure they're there.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and that blessed will your reunions away? View?
Timothy Sackton: I hope so.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think we asked all our questions.
Mike Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: He leans back, and he says
Timothy Sackton: my eyes grow heavy.
Timothy Sackton: I will see you in the morning one last time before I go.
Timothy Sackton: but now I will sleep.
Timothy Sackton: and he leans back
Timothy Sackton: lying. The full is full 30 feet, just looking up at the sky.
Timothy Sackton: It begins to drift off into sleep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tim Kansas spends much of the rest of the night carving Karlgar's story onto his staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but also.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But Kenza is getting some storm giant key.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: How are we starring that? There, I? We now start a giant
right?
Timothy Sackton: You'll see
Eric Rosenbaum: all right.
Timothy Sackton: So don't remember to click the long west button and set charges on your magic items, all of those things.
Eric Rosenbaum: the rest I sent a drawing
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's awesome, Eric.
Mike Sackton: So that one text.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: right?
Timothy Sackton: So as you wake up in the morning.
Timothy Sackton: the sun rising.
Timothy Sackton: Craigar stands, and he looks at you all, and he
Timothy Sackton: turns to each of you in turn, and and to
Timothy Sackton: seeker, or in there, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I wish you luck. Finding the phasing stone
Timothy Sackton: when I give you my blessing.
Timothy Sackton: Prepare this ship. It would be a joy to see it fly again.
Timothy Sackton: and perhaps some day I will be a passing storm across your bow
Timothy Sackton: turns to deal with, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: Thank you again for the
Timothy Sackton: for the meal.
Timothy Sackton: I think fondly of your cooking
Timothy Sackton: when i'm tasting the fresh cold air above the glaciers of the north, or the salty sea breeze on the green sea.
Timothy Sackton: and he turns to Wellbe, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: I know you know the joy of travel.
Timothy Sackton: Keep me in your thoughts and your stories.
Timothy Sackton: And then he turns to Kenzo. and he sort of kneels down so that he is
Timothy Sackton: close to you, and he holds out his hand, which is, you know, nearly the size of you
Timothy Sackton: like. He just holds it up like this, and you can see this sort of lightning crackling between his fingers as he.
Timothy Sackton: as he
Timothy Sackton: stretches his his like finger out there's like lightning that's kind of sparking towards your hand.
Timothy Sackton: and he says
Timothy Sackton: we have been connected, as I have
Timothy Sackton: to no human before.
Timothy Sackton: The storm will always be a part of you now, and the lightning begins to like flash through your hands like sort of almost weaving its way down your arm, and like forming a tattoo
Timothy Sackton: on your on your arm. and he says.
Timothy Sackton: reach out, you can feel it, ground yourself in it, and if you need to reach me. let the storm lose.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Penzo vows deeply and reverently to the storm, giant
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: energy crackling in his hands.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: merging with the blue aura of
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: his own. So that's now kind of a bluish lightning crackling through his body, and he
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: looks up and says, the broader
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a field storm
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: kind of smiles and laughs
Timothy Sackton: to
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the freedom you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's truly it's truly amazing.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you.
Timothy Sackton: And then he looks at you all as you're sort of packing up your camp and and getting ready to travel.
Timothy Sackton: he says.
Timothy Sackton: as he as he looks in the sky you can see the sky begins to become cloudy again.
almost like a rain cloud is condensing over him, and he says.
Timothy Sackton: sort of leans into the cloud.
Timothy Sackton: and he smiles First time you've seen him smile.
Timothy Sackton: and he reaches out, and he says, before I go.
Timothy Sackton: grant you the blessing of the wind. and he reaches out in light, and like this cloud begins to condense around him, and you can feel it
Timothy Sackton: sort of
Timothy Sackton: you. Can you can feel it tugging at you almost as if
Timothy Sackton: you want to transform
Timothy Sackton: into a cloud.
Timothy Sackton: And as he vanishes into the sky
Timothy Sackton: you can feel some lingering magic.
Timothy Sackton: So until the sunsets today
Timothy Sackton: you can spend a minute to transform into a cloud
Timothy Sackton: in cloud form. You can travel 50 miles per hour.
Eric Rosenbaum: Whoa!
Timothy Sackton: Or if you wanted to like, Go and push yourself. You can travel 100 miles per hour, but
Timothy Sackton: that might tire you out, which will have consequences.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sorry for how long?
Timothy Sackton: Tell the sunsets
Timothy Sackton: So you know 9 h something like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, right it's morning.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and how far away is the Bayesian? So again
Eric Rosenbaum: we can about a 100 miles we can make it.
Timothy Sackton: and we can do this multiple. It's not a one time. We can turn back and forth, or just once each yeah, back and forth. It takes a minute each time you want to transform.
Timothy Sackton: So it's not like an escape from combat sort of thing, but anytime.
Mike Sackton: But yeah, we can go to the phasing stone
Mike Sackton: in 2 h. Do our adventure there, and then come back
Eric Rosenbaum: exactly while carrying the phasing stone.
Kate: It's. We can imagine to be tiny, correct, but also again, presumably our possessions disappear into the cloud with you. Yes, perfect
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker is very excited by this prospect.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Very glad we had that conversation now, as opposed to being like, totally, not like dead tired last time, you know it's much more productive. Yeah, definitely, very important things.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We now know what the inquest is.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, my God! So exciting!
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
to
Eric Rosenbaum: wait! Was it again the Green Sea?
Eric Rosenbaum: That's what I got out of this, and it's the special Islands.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! Those are in opposite directions. But that's okay. There's not the main quest was to go talk to Murphy.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, and figure out whether there's an I whether there's some other continent halfway across the world.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's the main main quest. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: I mean, people must know the diameter of the earth. Right? So
Mike Sackton: how far would it be in miles to go around?
UU Church of Boulder: I'm not confident it works that way.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. Who says that if you travel around the globe, it's a it's a
Timothy Sackton: Who who says that distance is our cost, and across tag are well. I guess they don't have to be, but
UU Church of Boulder: will be, his current theory, which is not super based. And stuff is that
UU Church of Boulder: the green, the eastern edge of the green Sea just goes into the elemental plane of water. It continues infinitely
Eric Rosenbaum: well.
Mike Sackton: but I mean you could empirically determine the the diameter of the circumference around the globe
Mike Sackton: pretty trivially right. You can empirically determine what the
Timothy Sackton: implied diameter at the point of space that you are at is yeah.
Timothy Sackton: based on the local curvature of the earth. But whether that is constant.
Mike Sackton: Wow! Presumably some scholars have figure out if it's constant in the known world. Right?
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: like you would know if it's different in Chardon than in in embry right
Timothy Sackton: or token. Right? Right.
Timothy Sackton: You can always none of you know, but you could do some research in libraries.
Timothy Sackton: You can write letters to people and send
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: send them a message that says, research this for me. Yeah, that actually around the drink orient thing like let's get that going.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We should do some research on omni purist, because that, like they've clearly been around for like 500 years, so like we should get some research done on that we should get some research done on ancient artifacts of poly on and how to destroy them.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: here, let's pick little. This is the secrets journal.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm. A lot to do. Actually, we should stay focused here. We do. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: we got to get our guyship going.
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: if you were to make a get chart of our quests.
Eric Rosenbaum: The skieship is the dependency for all of them. So
Mike Sackton: Yes.
Mike Sackton: that is true.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's more than 450 miles from the volcano that I went to before.
Timothy Sackton: Quite a bit more. Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I don't think there's any particular need to destroy all these artifact. I mean destroy
Eric Rosenbaum: 6
Kate: they get.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You just make that. That's so awesome.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, it needed a You need a title page. How did you do that fucking sick man? Thanks. Wait, Wait, wait, wait! Wait! What did you just do? You guys are not in the dock because the Doc. Where did that even come from? That's wonderful. Fuck.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! That's pretty amazing. I love the like old school font with the
Timothy Sackton: I don't like. Spend a lot of time browsing secret, I mean. Sometimes I browse the gospel.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, the 10. That's where that's where our whole, our whole.
Timothy Sackton: That's how those are. Your notes. That would be a good party. Name
UU Church of Boulder: what I see seekers. That's really where it all takes place. It's true so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well, you know, at the end like when this is all done. But
Mike Sackton: the the bounds. Burk of like this campaign is secret journal like that's the yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: It becomes free glasses.
UU Church of Boulder: You have to pay an extra 2 bucks for them, but it's worth it.
Mike Sackton: Should we look at something in the mirror like one of these books?
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But which one? Yeah, I think the little teeny on this would. Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: I agree.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, I should study that one first to see if I can determine any way to reveal what's
Mike Sackton: looking out of the mirror would be a good way to get a clue as to how to reveal what's written on the page. Don't you think
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure
Mike Sackton: that'd be? But I mean that would be My, that would be my like. What? Why are we looking at in the mirror like? The question we ask is like. Show us how you are hidden and revealed.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, let's do it.
Timothy Sackton: Are you?
Timothy Sackton: So take out the mirror
Timothy Sackton: for you. Transform into clouds.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, and hauled out the book.
Timothy Sackton: wondering.
Timothy Sackton: How is the how are the words of this book hidden and revealed?
Timothy Sackton: So somebody make it with check.
UU Church of Boulder: with all the available
UU Church of Boulder: buff that we can provide
Timothy Sackton: that with cast guidance.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'll do inspiration.
Mike Sackton: Who is making the check? Presumably rizlin.
Mike Sackton: I guess Kenzo can do it.
Mike Sackton: No, Kenza, you could do it.
Mike Sackton: roll, add Wendy, for
Kate: I can just roll
Mike Sackton: Kansas already rolled.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's been a real 20. I did.
Mike Sackton: but it didn't show up in Kenza's wisdom checked and show up in roll 20,
Mike Sackton: so it's a 12 plus 3 is 15 plus inspiration. E. 10,
Mike Sackton: which is a d 10 now. Wow.
Mike Sackton: that is some hefty inspiration. Fuck. Oh, man, twice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Northwest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's one of the secret abilities. Whenever you're
Mike Sackton: Okay, so 24.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. So you you hold up. You hold up the book
Timothy Sackton: to the mirror, and
Timothy Sackton: for for a moment the mirror fades to black.
Timothy Sackton: and then you see, appearing in an image
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: faith of a young woman, maybe
Timothy Sackton: 1718
Timothy Sackton: blonde hair tied back.
Timothy Sackton: sort of
Timothy Sackton: gray, gray brown eyes.
Timothy Sackton: sort of tan skin, wearing it look like pretty, elegant clothes.
Timothy Sackton: She seems to be looking sitting at a desk looking down.
Timothy Sackton: But you, like your perspective, is looking up at her face as if you're so on the desk.
Timothy Sackton: and she seems she seems almost maybe to be a student like the this. This looks like a like a pretty sparrow spare.
Timothy Sackton: you know. It has that sort of dorm room. Vibe: a little bit right like there's a desk. There's a bed there's not a lot of
Timothy Sackton: other.
Timothy Sackton: you know. This is a this is a temporary living space.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: any any any indication of like period of history based on clothing, furniture
Timothy Sackton: hard to tell at.
Timothy Sackton: None of you are really fashion experts.
Timothy Sackton: It it it seems it's like not. It's foreign. It's either archaic or far away. Right it's not like.
Timothy Sackton: you know the current Chardonian garb or anything.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got. It it was hard to know, really.
Timothy Sackton: and and she has like a a quill. and you know it looks like there's sort of papers spread out.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: she turns, turns a page.
Timothy Sackton: and then begins chanting some sort of incantation. and then her hand reaches down and makes a streak across like it looks like it's a streak like right across the surface of the mirror.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm!
Timothy Sackton: After whatever incantation that she chanted was.
Timothy Sackton: and that is just as if you're watching somebody studying like.
Timothy Sackton: you know the the quill comes out. It's like. you know, just taking notes or something. She's sort of flipping. turning pages
Timothy Sackton: as the pages turn. You can see those words on them.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: this time seems to pass in this sort of indeterminate way
Timothy Sackton: until
Timothy Sackton: she glances up, and like looks
Timothy Sackton: like there was a knock at the door. There was some noise in the distance or something.
Timothy Sackton: and she
Timothy Sackton: so she says another
Timothy Sackton: incantation, some other magic, like you don't quite know what it is, but something magic.
and makes another sort of symbol, like almost like this in front of the book. and
Timothy Sackton: then quickly it's as if you're.
you know your
Timothy Sackton: you're like
Timothy Sackton: jumbled with a whole bunch of stuff tossed into a bag right like
Timothy Sackton: the perspective, as if you're the book. It's like you're picked up with notes and quills and everything just sort of quickly shoved into
shoved into a pouch, and then everything's dark.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: the scene flashes.
Timothy Sackton: and you are
Timothy Sackton: in a much more elegant room a
Timothy Sackton: still, still, you know, just like a stone chamber, but there's a stained glass window that's casting a multi-colored multitude light
Timothy Sackton: across the room. There's a tapestry hanging up that spans you know
Timothy Sackton: a large section of one wall next to the stained last window. That seems to be
Timothy Sackton: depicting a scene of ships on a sailing across a stormy sea, like lightning and and fire shooting off out from the ships as if by magic.
and some great black
Timothy Sackton: armada, like dark sales chasing after them with like lightning in the background, and storms and ways. And just this sort of chaotic battle, seeing that
Timothy Sackton: like naval battle scene.
Timothy Sackton: and there is, you know, like a candelabra of gold, with with candles in it, casting not lit because you have the sunlight, but
Timothy Sackton: everything about this room seems seems elegant, although it's not a to be recognized.
Timothy Sackton: and somebody is writing in the book with a quill. but the quill itself almost seems to be
Timothy Sackton: it. It looks so. It's not like just a bird. Rather right. It. It looks like
Timothy Sackton: you don't quite. You can't quite tell what it is, but like it's the quill of some strange creature, or something like
Timothy Sackton: a hypocrite feather or something or something. This is not like just the feather of a goose, or something like that. It's got like almost like
Timothy Sackton: threads of like actual silver running through some of the feathers.
And as this as this
Timothy Sackton: as this quill gets written
Timothy Sackton: as this quill is writing, it's.
Timothy Sackton: you know that
Timothy Sackton: person will go dip in this this well of like silvery ink, and everything that's written vanishes immediately in the book. And then the Margo was black.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Eric Rosenbaum: The second part was its creation. Perhaps
Timothy Sackton: Probably
Eric Rosenbaum: episodes in the mirror, go generally
Eric Rosenbaum: backwards into historically gone backwards, right? Almost always go backwards. When you see more than one scene, it almost always goes backwards.
Eric Rosenbaum: And so the student was revealing the contents with a combination of
Eric Rosenbaum: a spell or incantation, and writing in the book.
Timothy Sackton: The student wasn't, writing in the book, was writing notes next to the book. We were feeling the contents of the book with some kind of style.
Eric Rosenbaum: but I couldn't lip read well enough.
Timothy Sackton: It's hard to tell what spell is being cast when you're looking.
Mike Sackton: and a reflection in a mirror from some long time ago.
UU Church of Boulder: though i'll mention that I can lip read any languages. I speak.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. But you're not a spellcaster. So
UU Church of Boulder: no true true. But
UU Church of Boulder: but for other.
Eric Rosenbaum: is there a likely spell that it could be among ones that I know. Make an arkana check
Mike Sackton: don't, roll under a 30
Eric Rosenbaum: Wait to do. I have advantage automatically.
Timothy Sackton: You would not have advantage on this, because
Mike Sackton: because that's only for when you're studying objects, this is trying to remember you roll the one
Eric Rosenbaum: Ouch.
Timothy Sackton: I didn't. I don't see where the rules are 14. Yeah. 14.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: you're not coming up with anything at the moment. But
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: there, there probably are spells.
Timothy Sackton: But yeah, with what they are, and nothing is coming to mind at the moment.
Timothy Sackton: Another thing you could research.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, how do I do that?
Timothy Sackton: Ask a wizard to poke around in a library and report back to any.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, what?
Mike Sackton: Let's send some
Mike Sackton: requests for research. Yeah, you may as well now, we should have done that last night before you. We do. One rested so your slots back.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, wow!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We can't rec on that. That would make sense to me. We do that
Timothy Sackton: resident didn't have any third level slots left last night.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: We probably don't want to burn a lot of third levels lots on sending spells right before we go do our quest to find the phase. We do that when we get back. Yeah, Mike Secret Journal. That's where we're putting down the research questions. Everything is in secret room, right? Okay, Sorry. Yeah, let's add it To seek is Jared All
Mike Sackton: but I gotta keep because they keep closing. The tab with Seekers Journal. I don't know Why is the one thing you gotta keep open. It's like a big mistake to close the tab. Remember, Mike, you can send
Timothy Sackton: letters to people
Timothy Sackton: with your with your links.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, but that takes That's not that.
Mike Sackton: I mean the way it's written. It would take 3 or 4 day. It would take like a week to get somewhere.
Mike Sackton: and while it's traveling
Mike Sackton: to get to charge, they would.
Mike Sackton: Oh, to get the charge! 10 days to get the Tocra we take 3 days, and when I was traveling I lose half the benefit of the it's written in a way to never make me want to use it.
Mike Sackton: but because I can't use any of the
Mike Sackton: I can't use the very blessing functions while it's traveling
Timothy Sackton: right. Maybe I maybe I should change that, so it only travels.
Mike Sackton: or if it I mean if it if it travels faster, it just seems a little bit.
Mike Sackton: takes a really long time to send something.
Mike Sackton: even in 400 miles, like even somewhere like Tocraft, it's 2 or 300 miles, is still 3 days to send the letter. That's quite fast for a lot of them, though. Well, it is very fast for a letter, but it's
Mike Sackton: It's slow in the context of
Mike Sackton: it, not being downtime right
right?
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: I I guess I'm: so how are you gonna get
Timothy Sackton: research
Mike Sackton: back from these people? If you can send sending they're gonna write it down on a piece of paper, and then i'm going to scri a paper.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Kate: I mean, that's the easy way to get research back. Is you? Just
Mike Sackton: why out right? Write us a letter back, and then put the letter on your desk and just leave it there
Mike Sackton: right
Kate: Well don't leave it unattended. Wow! Somewhere a lot of this isn't stuff that we care who would read Who's gonna like randomly scry govars like
Mike Sackton: research. Copy? Right? You just need to tell them where to leave it out, and then
Mike Sackton: you can just scribe at. I could describe that in the middle of the night.
Mike Sackton: as long as there's light there, right actually, I can. I can see with dark vision, presumably I can see.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, you can see a dark version through subscribe
Mike Sackton: so you could just leave it in just every night of bed to leave it somewhere dark. I'll scry it and read it right.
Mike Sackton: That that's my that was my plan for getting responses from sending.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so what do you all do doing now
Kate: to travel as a cloud into clouds and
UU Church of Boulder: go to it
Mike Sackton: like okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: well attempted before before we do the long rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tens of. I want to. I want to use my my ritual
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to go, and here for our enemies see if they're within. I guess it's only 6 mile radius. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No. Wait. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: But wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: No, no, it
excuse me.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Actually dude. Fuck it. I will do that. I will do that. After after after a kenza etches out the etches, the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stuff and the staff like you. You see, you see, Kenzo.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: just like he was earlier practicing, but engaging in some type of a ritual signing, and so on.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Tim, I'm. I'm. Looking for our enemies.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: for for which enemies anyone, any, any, any any with anyone with malicious intent towards our party.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So within 6 miles of the airship you don't
Timothy Sackton: you. The land is pretty empty. This is mostly within the I mean. This is largely within the terrain that was storm up until a few hours ago, or until last night.
Timothy Sackton: and it it feels mostly
Timothy Sackton: empty. It's not just that you don't sense
Timothy Sackton: enemies. You don't sense really much of anyone or anything. There's like a few cautious animals beginning to creep
Timothy Sackton: into the land. There's no people. nobody with malicious intent, the most malicious intent you can. You can sense those up
Timothy Sackton: talk, or you're doing this at night right? An owl
Timothy Sackton: soaring
Timothy Sackton: in the sky looking for mice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But even that's not really malicious.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. that's enough.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That again. Kenza is now able to spend a bunch of key and spend an hour and like search for things search for, or is within a 6 mile radius, including enemies so
Eric Rosenbaum: cool
UU Church of Boulder: that's awesome. You should
Mike Sackton: keep an eye out for a Shadow Demon hunter thing that fastest sent after us. Oh, that's what i'm exactly what i'm looking for. I'm looking for shadow hunters. I'm looking for Cadmus. I'm looking for anything that's trying to like. Kill us right now. I really want to fly up to CAD boats in their flying castle, and just like, drop something on his head.
UU Church of Boulder: The castle mark the castle right on him
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: totally. This is like a wizard of Oz type thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: all right. Let's be clouds.
UU Church of Boulder: Yes, that's too bad. Here we go. Okay. So
Timothy Sackton: you spend a minute and you feel yourself slowly becoming wispy. That is substantial and floating up into the sky, and you you find that even with just a
Timothy Sackton: just a slight thought. you can change the way you blow across the landscape as you drift higher and higher and higher, a few 100 feet
Timothy Sackton: 1,000 feet. 2,000 feet up in the sky. and you begin just kind of blowing across the land, heading north into the mountains. following the directions that Harvard gave you to get to his palace.
Timothy Sackton: and it takes you unless you're like pushing real hard to like run. in which case you need to make saves to avoid
Mike Sackton: becoming tired. But assuming you're going at a comfortably fast past, but not exhausting yourself
Timothy Sackton: takes you a couple hours over the course of the first hour. You sort of see yourself drifting what you see below the the landscape
Timothy Sackton: becoming hellier.
Timothy Sackton: and you become, You start to come to the foothills of the mountains. you begin to blow up into the higher elevations.
Timothy Sackton: drifting or really not so much drifting as as blowing on the wind. The wind that you find you can control.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: you blow higher and higher and it becomes snowy and cold. You can see
Timothy Sackton: you're you're passing now into the like
Timothy Sackton: high peaks. The the inhospitable mountains were even in where late November is the depths of winter.
Timothy Sackton: as you drift higher and higher into these sharp, jagged peaks.
Timothy Sackton: As the second hour approaches, you see.
you can see ahead of you in in the distance
a a familiar looking scene, the
Timothy Sackton: palace that you saw in the dream world, although in a
somewhat
Timothy Sackton: ruined state.
Timothy Sackton: the roof gone.
Timothy Sackton: elaborate sculptures of ice
Timothy Sackton: dotting the landscape leading up the stairs, coated with
Timothy Sackton: what look like just sort of jagged
Timothy Sackton: bikes of ice, like like ice stalagmites, like
Timothy Sackton: reaching up from the stairs of these pillars
Timothy Sackton: even as clouds you, you feel almost a shiver
Timothy Sackton: as a chill kind of runs through the air this this high up.
Timothy Sackton: and you but you can see the palace below you. So you can see the the layout is basically the stairs go off the mountains. They're covered in ice. The top of the stairs. You see the
Timothy Sackton: you see the palace itself. This giant sized palace
Timothy Sackton: in the dream world. It had a roof, and there was this grand hall with huge columns. You never went further than the grand hall, but you could see
Timothy Sackton: there were more rooms in the back
Timothy Sackton: here. It instead. Seems as if
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: the the roof is is basically gone. There are still these pillars sticking up. but many of them are cracked About halfway up, halfway up would be about
Timothy Sackton: 40 feet or so
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Everything is still a giant scale, right? It's, you know, huge.
Timothy Sackton: And and there's definitely just this
Timothy Sackton: chill aura in the air
Timothy Sackton: as you approach.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is there anything that looks like that central pillar?
Timothy Sackton: A.
Timothy Sackton: No. So the way that he described the layout is like at least historic like when he created this palace there was all straight. There was the
Timothy Sackton: entryway that had this like grand hall. Then there was like a stare that went up and on the
Timothy Sackton: upper floor there was like
Timothy Sackton: the living space for Allgar. And then those stairs that went down and on the bottom floor there was like skylights car carved into the side of the mountain, the light into this life that was bullet, for.
Timothy Sackton: for, as you can tell, the main floor is intact. You. You do see stairs that go down, although there seems to be
Timothy Sackton: those that are almost bobbling up from the stairs below like like almost like night, is spilling out of the basement.
Timothy Sackton: but it's probably still intact. You don't see any cracks in the floor you do see, and you're still far away, right? You're still a few 1,000 feet in the air. So you're looking at this for maybe a half a mile distance, and you can't really make out
Timothy Sackton: people or anything. If well, you could make a giants if there were any giants there. Don't seem to be any giants here. I mean
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: so these this stairs that go down into the library at least seem to be intact, as just the upper floor that has been destroyed. The top floor above the main level that's been destroyed.
Timothy Sackton: but it seems dark like there's there's dark, almost like dark clouds that seem to be like almost dripping down from where these skylights are carved into
Timothy Sackton: to the side of the mountain.
Eric Rosenbaum: and you can't see anything from this distance, anyway, of this
Timothy Sackton: lower level library.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright, Get a little closer in it as we do. Is there anything
UU Church of Boulder: moving? Is there anything
UU Church of Boulder: alive responding to our presence?
Timothy Sackton: So you drift a little bit closer. It still is Clouds
sort of drifting lower down to the mountainside.
Timothy Sackton: You can see a few more details. One is, you can see. A.
Timothy Sackton: So there are 3 large windows
Timothy Sackton: that are basically carved out of the side of the mountain.
But there is
Timothy Sackton: there is like a black shadow that's spilling out of them
Timothy Sackton: almost like a purely opaque cloud of darkness.
Timothy Sackton: The opera for
Timothy Sackton: the ground, for rather the upper floor is is destroyed. There is
Timothy Sackton: so the like the open area, the like greeting hall, the place where you sat in her allgar's dreams and spoke with him, is just completely exposed to the elements, and and there's all these like twisting sort of
Timothy Sackton: like ice, just kind of sticking off everything like rhyme that forms when you know, up in the mountains of wind blows just forming these like fans sticking out of the ruined pillars and things like that.
Timothy Sackton: Further back.
Timothy Sackton: you know. Beyond this sort of entrance hall
Timothy Sackton: there is almost what looks like a roof of ice that's that's formed like a sheet of ice on top of some of these ruined pillars. That's the sheet of ice is maybe
2530 feet off the ground.
Eric Rosenbaum: forming almost like an ice enclosure in the back of this main pillar. This main
Timothy Sackton: Paul
Eric Rosenbaum: ice enclosure seems unnatural.
Mike Sackton: A lot of it seems a little bit unnatural. And wait.
Mike Sackton: How is the dark? I'm having trouble picturing where the dark
Mike Sackton: clouds are they under? And
Timothy Sackton: so this palace is built in the side of a mountain. So there's the stairs. Go up so there's the ground floor.
Timothy Sackton: and then below the ground floor in the library. But it's okay, carved into the mountain. So there's
Mike Sackton: okay, so it's like it's like a it's like a it's on a big enough of a slope that it's basically
Mike Sackton: a basement, but with full-scale windows Exactly.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's him. I will commune with nature.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You can't commune with nature in a as a cloud. You have to turn out in. You have to uncloud yourself before you can do anything. You wouldn't being a cloud, be the most natural way to come in with nature.
Timothy Sackton: but you don't have your your staff is melded into your cloud.
Timothy Sackton: You don't have any of your items you have to turn out of your cloud forms that cast spells or
Timothy Sackton: or
Eric Rosenbaum: fair use items or abilities seems like a technicality. But i'll let it pass
Mike Sackton: just as you allow it.
Kate: So the we want to form into humans
Kate: or or dwarves, or out there whatever. How is there a
Mike Sackton: mountain peak above this like? Are we looking at an accurate representation of where we are.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So yes. So there's like a flat area like like there's a peaky mountain there's like a frat area that sort of just
Timothy Sackton: just like 3 quarters of the way up the mountain where the the palace sits, with the stairs going up in the library below. And then there's like sort of jagged, icy cliffs that stretch up above where the palaces, like a glacier sort of thing coming down from the back side of the icy cliff.
Kate: We know the steps for difficult terrain, even if they are not. I see.
Kate: because they're huge. They do want to land in the open area of the main
Kate: away.
Kate: Well, do we want to do it? It's not not the shadowy cloud. Are we all going to freeze to death when we
UU Church of Boulder: turn back into our regular selves.
Eric Rosenbaum: Great questions. It's cold.
Timothy Sackton: It's not immediately. You're not going to immediately, please. Death.
UU Church of Boulder: What? What sort of timeline are we talking about? Tim?
Eric Rosenbaum: Tens of seconds.
Timothy Sackton: Ours
UU Church of Boulder: the okay peace kick. Then
Mike Sackton: do we want to do a little more reconnaissance before we turn to the cloud? I I think we should. I mean I was thinking of like, Can we
Mike Sackton: drift over towards how like is the top of the peak
Mike Sackton: miles above the thing, or like hundreds of feet?
Timothy Sackton: Not miles.
Eric Rosenbaum: maybe maybe a 1,000 feet.
UU Church of Boulder: They'll say more, though. Because why not just land right next to the entrance and walk in
Mike Sackton: that dark cloud is making me a little.
Mike Sackton: I don't know that above is necessarily valuable, but
Mike Sackton: it just seems a little.
Eric Rosenbaum: I, for one, am completely confident in Bobby's ability to kill anything with his flaming arrows, including dark clouds.
Mike Sackton: He did demonstrate a significant ability to kill things.
UU Church of Boulder: and in fairness fire does kill darkness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Then again, there's the tech magic is it's tech magic like range to get, if you like, Cast the tech magic doesn't like, Pick up 15 things that are magic and a rangers just like there's not 60 feet, I think.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: but like 30 or 60 feet. If we get like, If you cast the tech magic, is it going to be like. Oh, it's that dark cloud, or is it like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, it tells you that there's magic. And then, if it's something you can see?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, see, like that thing is magic.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that might be a cool thing that just somebody has that have that. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: I mean again, you can't do it as a cloud.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: It's
Kate: what's okay, what's just land, what's land on that? Yeah, I mean, there's some bad magic, dark cloud things and possibly ice magic, too.
Kate: and we need to go hit it with eat in light and dispelling magic. I mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: So let's land in any other way.
Eric Rosenbaum: reasonably safe distance from the Internet like 50 feet or 100 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: So you slowly condense
Timothy Sackton: into 5 shivering humanoids in the freezing cold
Timothy Sackton: about a 100 feet from the
Timothy Sackton: from the entrance, from the like main entrance to the main floor. That's what you mean.
Eric Rosenbaum: Sure, yeah.
Kate: from the main entrance.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: And I will cast detect magic
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and Kansas will communicate.
UU Church of Boulder: We'll be with it towards the entrance.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay, take a close close. Look around as it goes.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So what's what are. This is all gonna each. All these things are going to take about 10 min. So Riz went and see. What are you doing? For 10 min
Kate: all the warm stuff out of my pack
Eric Rosenbaum: studying the ice formations.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So well be as you creep closer.
Timothy Sackton: make a make a. I assume you're trying to be sneaky. Make a stuff check
UU Church of Boulder: it's that is that enough.
Timothy Sackton: And last year, unless this is an ancient dragon, there's pretty much nothing that has a passive perception that high
UU Church of Boulder: We're well, we go.
Timothy Sackton: Wellbey creeps, creeps closer.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see that
Timothy Sackton: Kenzo start with you as you reach out.
Timothy Sackton: So is there any anything you're particularly attempting to learn, or
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm trying to learn. Is there anything else living around here has like? Are there?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Basically it's like we want to know, like. Is there like an encampment of evil like demons that's been living inside this thing for the past 500 years? Right? So I just want to learn like you know. Are there any unnatural things or beings inside, or, you know, like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: anything that feels unnatural or unusual?
Timothy Sackton: So you so you reach out you, you you close your eyes, and you concentrate, and you extend your senses.
Timothy Sackton: You you learn So so the first thing that's immediately obvious is there is.
Timothy Sackton: there is a strong
Timothy Sackton: echo or influence of the dream worlds mixed in with this dark.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: dark clouds. Oh, great
Eric Rosenbaum: hmm!
Timothy Sackton: You can feel the sort of the the sort of presence of
Timothy Sackton: and it's it's. It feels different than when you've been in the dream of before. This almost feels like
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: nightmare world
Timothy Sackton: sort of more tinged with nightmares than you totally feel comfortable with.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's how I like my dreams.
Timothy Sackton: The other thing you sense is a
Timothy Sackton: it. It's hard to tell if it's
Timothy Sackton: Fay, or elemental, or some sort of Fay elemental combination. But but there is this
called sort of
Timothy Sackton: bitterness around it. What
you sense.
Timothy Sackton: you sort of sense that that this is.
Timothy Sackton: There is a coldness here that is unnatural, that isn't purely of nature, and there's a bitter wind that's blowing. There's
Timothy Sackton: something about this place is
Timothy Sackton: is being made to be more dangerous and
cold, and
Timothy Sackton: you almost catch the echoes of of
Timothy Sackton: travelers in the past.
Timothy Sackton: Some miles west of here.
almost like these flickering images of of people lost in storms, and wandering past this mountain.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: freezing to death or starving to death.
Timothy Sackton: and the sort of echoes of their
Timothy Sackton: as they sink into this sort of cold stupor
Timothy Sackton: lingering around here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Does anybody have any spells for like protection from elements or anything like that.
Mike Sackton: We're not super well prepared for like freezing cold our way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, no.
Eric Rosenbaum: no.
Timothy Sackton: gal with
Timothy Sackton: there is no magic with it, no magic beyond all of the magic that you all carry with you within 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: Well be as you creep up the stairs and come to the sort of top entrance to this.
Timothy Sackton: to this first sort of main place, and you can see about
Timothy Sackton: 50 feet across the the
Timothy Sackton: I see stone.
Timothy Sackton: You can see now underneath where this sheet of ice was into this sort of
Timothy Sackton: ice structure in the back. And there's
Timothy Sackton: some one
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pacing back and forth.
Timothy Sackton: a woman maybe
Timothy Sackton: wearing
Timothy Sackton: like it, almost like
Timothy Sackton: coming off of our body, are all of these like icicles, basically like long spikes of ice.
Timothy Sackton: She's wearing like a a crown almost. But it's made of ice, and it seems to be fused in with her head.
Timothy Sackton: and there's like a whole like complicated sort of ice.
Timothy Sackton: like
Timothy Sackton: icicle formation sort of coming out of her head. Her skin is
Timothy Sackton: is
Timothy Sackton: pale blue.
Timothy Sackton: she's maybe 10 feet tall.
Timothy Sackton: and she's she's pacing back and forth, and and and Everywhere she steps
Timothy Sackton: you can see, like
Timothy Sackton: you can almost see the intense cold that's rating off of our footsteps. and and every now and then she's looking
Timothy Sackton: looking
Timothy Sackton: sort of off in the distance, not seeing you, but just kind of staring out. and she seems to be
Timothy Sackton: concentrating on something
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: evil. Magic spells.
Timothy Sackton: What exactly is not entirely clear, but she'll be gate. She'll gaze off in the distance occasionally.
Timothy Sackton: and then, and then resume pacing, and and every now and then it's just pacing. You'll see. Sort of almost a little bit of sort of snow flurries around her head.
UU Church of Boulder: Well relay. List back to everyone telepathically. What what do we know about? Is this an ice giant? Do we know? Do I know what this is?
Timothy Sackton: It's too small to be any kind of giant?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You don't really know what this is?
Timothy Sackton: Nothing. It's not like a common sort of creature that you recognize
Kate: in response to Dallas earlier. Your question I have a I do have a protection, Buff, but I don't have enough third level spots to it for everyone. Is there anyone we're going to send in first to protect or anything like that.
Mike Sackton: It's a good question.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Probably it probably deal with her. Me?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah.
UU Church of Boulder: also to to the sorry logistics questions. So is this is the structure like a home, or this is a structure like a prison.
Timothy Sackton: definitely not a prison. I mean it doesn't look very hospit. It doesn't look very homely to you. but like there's a there's an entry way that this woman could walk out of it's not like she's trapped here.
Timothy Sackton: right it seems to be.
UU Church of Boulder: I I mean it looks to you like a structure of her own creation. And then how far away is she for me right now? How far is, how far into the structure. Is she
Timothy Sackton: any for you.
UU Church of Boulder: and how how far am I from the rest of the party at this point?
Timothy Sackton: Maybe 60 or 80 feet.
UU Church of Boulder: They're down. They're down these steps, maybe a 100 feet.
They're down these steps that are tricky to climb because they're both slippery and giant.
Timothy Sackton: and you're sort of
Timothy Sackton: peaking up from the top top step just looking over into this. So everybody else is substantially below the level of this woman's eyesight.
Mike Sackton: She's in the icy part. Not the dark quality part. Right? Exactly. Yeah. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I would like to get close enough to sole site her after i'm done with commuting with nature, Tim.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: okay, so you would have to. You would have to get.
Timothy Sackton: You would have to cross part of You'd have to come up from the top of the steps and cross part of the
Timothy Sackton: cross part of the open area to
Timothy Sackton: to Soul Center, because it's within 60 feet, so there's almost no way you would be
obviously visible. It's like completely sort of open.
Timothy Sackton: I see terrain. I mean, there's a few of these pillars around, but there's no
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I can't be selfie.
Mike Sackton: You know how you wouldn't be obviously visible
Mike Sackton: if you are invisible.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: there.
Mike Sackton: I mean, if we're gonna if we want to sneak up on somebody. and
Mike Sackton: I think that more of us can be invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Why, don't we? I like this plan.
UU Church of Boulder: and well be's like we can't see him. Anyway, I am. Yeah, I'm close enough to, because I think we should just get close and and
UU Church of Boulder: see if she can negotiate.
We were sent here by
UU Church of Boulder: with his blessing to retrieve his possessions.
UU Church of Boulder: We've killed Fay before, and we'd be happy to again.
if that's what she'd prefer. But
UU Church of Boulder: maybe this can all be resolved peacefully.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I agree; but but it and I think I also like the idea of me being invisible, and so citing her, and getting a little information about her resistances and unities, and you know
Mike Sackton: I
Mike Sackton: I can cast that visible. All 4 of us can be invisible, and so be just as stealthy as almost as stealthy as well be.
Kate: and they will be there to back whoever else. When the person says, oh, you like to cafe, let's try. That
Mike Sackton: is that our plan to just
Mike Sackton: head into the ice palace invisibly?
Eric Rosenbaum: Well.
Eric Rosenbaum: I would do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think it'd be good for Kenza to do that to like, learn more about the person, and then and deputize a a negotiator
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: which could be well, be It' be me
Mike Sackton: it could be done. We're deal with with the 20 charisma and plus 9 and persuasion
Mike Sackton: I don't know.
UU Church of Boulder: but we'll take it as it comes.
Kate: Maybe
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to make your resume deal with.
Kate: We'll, we'll. We'll form a committee and review it. Get back to you in a couple of weeks.
Mike Sackton: but I don't really want to cast and visibly invisible if we're just going to become visible, to talk to her in like 2 min.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Mike Sackton: I get 2 spells that's half of my spouse. all right, whatever. Like if we're going to try and sneak up and kill her. All 4 of us getting a sneak attack is definitely worth it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, it's, I mean it'd be great for me to get a little closer, so I get a sense of intent. You know what I mean. Look at the aura, and kind of be like, hey? Is she like, you know, like it's a little hard. I I need to get a little closer today.
Mike Sackton: I mean, I I think being invisible is useful, and we can all I just being. I guess, if she's evil.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: why wouldn't we just surprise attacker? We don't know that unless I know i'm. But i'm just saying like
Eric Rosenbaum: i'm getting a little chilly while I hang out out here. These ice Skull ice formations are quite interesting, but I am gonna summon a phase period
Eric Rosenbaum: cast at the Third Level
Kate: before. So
Kate: I don't really know enough about your characters to answer this without asking it. Sort of not very in in character, but
Kate: which one of dealt with, or
Kate: because of which one view is more likely to die.
Mike Sackton: I think we want the exact same hit. Points.
Mike Sackton: How many twice yet, you know 79,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 79. How about 69? Historically ken so is much more likely to dog.
Kate: That's one of my strengths.
Kate: It's like I i'm getting on my dating profile. My tales are like dies often.
Kate: but it's called just like bravery in the face of danger.
Kate: I decided against the the cold protection spell which would require all my concentration. I couldn't do anything else, but I will cast death W. On
Kate: ken that' be where he goes for for your persisting soul.
Mike Sackton: What does that do?
Timothy Sackton: If you would fall to 0? Hit points you instead. Follow one hit point from the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's happened at least 5 times as well. That's sweet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Thank you. Thank you.
Eric Rosenbaum: Tim. The the that I send him.
Kate: Is it the birth of the mode.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: position so that
Eric Rosenbaum: it can. Does it have a gender, anyway, and teleport itself
Eric Rosenbaum: into the library area, but is not currently visible
Eric Rosenbaum: from inside of it. That makes sense. Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: so closer than I am.
UU Church of Boulder: That's awesome.
Eric Rosenbaum: So we
Timothy Sackton: what's everybody doing
Kate: so like, I mean. So icy stairs quietly.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, sneaking closer.
Mike Sackton: Are we just sneaking? We want invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I think I think if somebody can make me invisible that'd be great
Mike Sackton: all right, i'll cast it. We're all invisible.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect.
Mike Sackton: and everybody except well be
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: pencil. We'll get within range and sulfide 10. Okay, Make a style check
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: plus 9 bites
Timothy Sackton: what was sorry, what was call as kenz as stealth. Jack.
Timothy Sackton: where did that go?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 27 to 7,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stealthy as a motherfucker?
Kate: So are we all still checking?
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: those things Stealthy seeker think stealthy, so stealthy.
Mike Sackton: not so still, but we're also invisible, so like.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: shavering a little bit, but also i'm the only one that's getting like really close. So everybody else is like nothing like the stairs. Right? We're not. Everybody is coming up the top of the stairs.
Timothy Sackton: and
Timothy Sackton: wellbe is well, so we'll be. You're sort of creeping across the here. Let me
Timothy Sackton: didn't manage to actually make a battle map. But let's
UU Church of Boulder: since we'll be talking and not fighting.
Eric Rosenbaum: Why does that have to be a battle map to? And why can't it be a negotiation? Just just a negotiation? Why can't it be a friendship map
Timothy Sackton: a Merthyr like Friendship Map. The top of the stairs is like here, or something like that.
Timothy Sackton: and it's like 80 feet from there.
Timothy Sackton: so like to write about here.
Timothy Sackton: There's like the sort of icy structure
Timothy Sackton: that sort of curves in like this.
Timothy Sackton: right? And then
Timothy Sackton: like over here.
Timothy Sackton: there's like stairs that go down.
Timothy Sackton: and there's like this is like where the shadow is coming up from these stairs. There's like darkness bubbling up from those stairs. Then the big, the like big main stairs that that go up are like
Timothy Sackton: are like here coming up.
Eric Rosenbaum: Hmm.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's like these pillars that are all about like
Timothy Sackton: 30, 40 feet tall that are broken off.
Timothy Sackton: And then there's also pillars, that sort of form the supports of this ice structure.
Timothy Sackton: and then the what? The
Timothy Sackton: woman who is pay the same. A rat Oops.
Timothy Sackton: who's pacing around is
is like right
Timothy Sackton: there right now, but you'll like occasionally walk past
Timothy Sackton: this entrance and seems to be.
Timothy Sackton: and it seems to be like concentrating like she's. Not so, Ken, so can I was like sneaking across to like.
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: somewhere like that, right somewhere like over by one of these pillars. Lobby can also is also maybe I don't know if you're also sneaking closer, and everybody else is like back here at the stairs.
UU Church of Boulder: That roughly, right?
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, I'll be somewhere on the right, so I can have a clear shot if I need it. But I want to be like
Mike Sackton: behind this pillar. Well, here, why don't you just here?
Timothy Sackton: Where are all of you
Eric Rosenbaum: so far away?
Timothy Sackton: So put put yourselves roughly where you're moving to
Eric Rosenbaum: Kenzo is like near
Eric Rosenbaum: like the entrance next
Timothy Sackton: Kansas like over here. I'm assuming near wellbe.
Timothy Sackton: So so as you're all sort of moving into position.
Timothy Sackton: you know she
Timothy Sackton: She looks up.
Timothy Sackton: She seems she's sort of walking in this direction, and she turns, and she sort of starts moving towards the door as Kenzo soul sites
Timothy Sackton: here we need
Timothy Sackton: Actually, this is pretty good, for now.
Eric Rosenbaum: as Ken Zestle sites, so
Timothy Sackton: she is like pretty strong, but not quite as strong as he is so around challenge rating. 10
Timothy Sackton: strongest stats are charisma and wisdom
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Interesting.
Timothy Sackton: weakest stats are strength and decks.
Timothy Sackton: and let's see what else are you
Timothy Sackton: trying to learn anything. Are you spending key to learn anything?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, i'll spend a key to learn if the target is affected by magic poison disease
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that has resistance. If it is wow, okay, she is immune to cold and poison.
Timothy Sackton: immune to charm. Exhaustion, frightened, paralyzed, petrified, poisoned, and stunned.
Eric Rosenbaum: She is vulnerable to fire
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: That's it.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's it. Obviously, this.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, this is this is literally just a we all step back and well, if I mean because again, this is a friendship map not a not a battle map. But
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: if things go wrong well, we will destroy her and her current Currently
Timothy Sackton: her attitude is gleeful.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay. I communicate this telepathically to well be
Timothy Sackton: who communicates this telepathically to everybody. I'm guessing. Yeah, we'll presume that Seeker spent 10 min to ritual, cast his telepathy spell before
Eric Rosenbaum: this started, so you can all communicate telepathically, telepathically, with each other. Oh, I figured we were doing that since the beginning of the whole cloud thing so that we could talk it, but it only lasts an hour, so you'd have to redo it when you land. But yeah, let's say you took the 10 min to redo it when you didn't.
Eric Rosenbaum: My phase is going to be a little useless because of the term, I mean
Eric Rosenbaum: again.
Mike Sackton: Oh, well.
UU Church of Boulder: can you fade. You want your stuff. Did Did your sorry go ahead?
Eric Rosenbaum: Only a little bit
Eric Rosenbaum: an attack? That's it.
UU Church of Boulder: It's gonna get my descriptions in the chat in rule 20
UU Church of Boulder: of what the fate is it. Kenz? What is your soul site? Tell if she's like good or evil or
UU Church of Boulder: nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how's it? She's gleeful.
Timothy Sackton: I mean you can make an inside check with a vantage
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: fuck
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: with an advantage, with advantage. Okay, thank God, I wrote that one.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then at 20
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I wrote a one and a fucking 20.
Timothy Sackton: So so the sense you get from her aura is that she is
Timothy Sackton: like this: Bitter cold is coming from her.
Timothy Sackton: and and
Timothy Sackton: it's it's hard to it's hard to like. Classify her into evil or
Timothy Sackton: good
Timothy Sackton: in some sense like in the same way, like as a blizzard. Evil or good right? But she certainly seems happy about
Timothy Sackton: whatever she's doing, and.
Timothy Sackton: like you just use kens that you sort of since this, like
Timothy Sackton: you know.
Timothy Sackton: tinge around her. Aura, that is just
Timothy Sackton: almost heartless, like just uncaring.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Alice.
call us
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, I have to go run and put a kid down into bed. This feels like a good cliff. Had a moment for a 5 or 10 min break.
Eric Rosenbaum: There.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, Cool, thanks.
Kate: I do a lot of the how to draw things. Tutorials.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. welcome back everybody
Timothy Sackton: style.
Timothy Sackton: Let's return to who's doing what
Timothy Sackton: is now, sort of looking out.
Timothy Sackton: You gonna talk.
UU Church of Boulder: I think this is the moment
UU Church of Boulder: I
Mike Sackton: i'm not convinced. Talking is a good move here.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, mute.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where first of all, remember what our goal here is, which is to find the phasing stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Do we see the amazing stone.
Eric Rosenbaum: and we locate the phasing stone? I just deleted myself.
Kate: I don't think we can sneak around her enough to
Kate: find the savings temples. It I don't understand the connection between her and the darkness.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's happy about she. She. She is creating the ice
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But also, I think, the darkness.
Mike Sackton: the
or
Kate: this. I have this terrible fear that she is like gleefully freezing the darkness and like it's just gonna get worse.
Mike Sackton: I I think
Mike Sackton: I think we should either try and avoid her or attack her from surprise.
Mike Sackton: I do not think that
Mike Sackton: talking
Mike Sackton: is likely to achieve much.
Mike Sackton: Maybe we could try it.
Mike Sackton: I guess you don't have to become visible to talk.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: One of us can try, and if it seems like it's going nowhere. Then she still isn't aware that how many of there are, and we all
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: sack
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's not. It's not terrible to okay. Wait. Yep, you're a I's for all of ours to our friends, and we're only here to look for the phasing stone.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, take take us to it, and we'll depart in peace.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's just gonna go downstairs. Charisma 20. And then, if it doesn't work, then we rain fiery arrows on her
Kate: safe passage to the lower levels
Kate: and back out again.
Mike Sackton: I am going to use minor illusion
Mike Sackton: to speak. Nothing says that you can't change what you say, so it's
Mike Sackton: sounds like you could just use it to cast your voice from somewhere else.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So let me just look at the map for a minute.
Mike Sackton: Is there any? What's the weather like?
Timothy Sackton: Bitterly cold and cloudy? There seems to be like off to the west somewhere. The clouds are darker. There is like, maybe a storm blowing past.
Mike Sackton: Okay, so, but it's not snowing at the moment. Here it's the range of what was the range of minor illusion.
Mike Sackton: It's 30 feet there. They she.
Mike Sackton: So i'll just like, take a few steps like here. so that I can make an illusion. Basically a: so the voice coming from here like right in front.
Timothy Sackton: But if you cast minor illusion you will no longer be invisible.
Timothy Sackton: Is it any spell? Is it any spell?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I thought it was only if you attacked.
Timothy Sackton: if you cast a spell or attack minor illusion, that or invisibility ends.
Mike Sackton: Oh, I don't want to cast a spell and become visible again. That defeats the whole purpose of casting invisible
Mike Sackton: A.
UU Church of Boulder: I mean I can talk to her telepathically.
UU Church of Boulder: but I can't be very persuasive.
Mike Sackton: and
Eric Rosenbaum: could try suggestion. But that's a
Mike Sackton: charm.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, is it? Just count as something she's immune to?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
Eric Rosenbaum: I could make her small. and into a newt
Mike Sackton: that's a thing
it worked with the women's.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm not as not joke, not a joke.
Mike Sackton: I mean. I could just talk to her right.
Mike Sackton: That's the thing basically you talk to her. If she shoots some ice at you, we shoots and fired her. I mean, I'm: so I can talk to her visibly right? There's no reason to become visible. Yeah, yeah, right? Yeah, fine. I will not. I will just. I will. Just.
Mike Sackton: I'll move over here. Ish. So i'm not like, right next to anybody.
Kate: thank you.
Mike Sackton: and I will
Mike Sackton: call out, and i'll move around as i'm talking to her so it's not like i'm always in one spot or anything like that.
Mike Sackton: and
Mike Sackton: I will call out.
Mike Sackton: and I will that we've been sent by the wind. We've traveled here in a cloud
Mike Sackton: at the behest of the owner of this place.
Mike Sackton: rascar. to recover a lost item.
Mike Sackton: and i'll ask if she'll grant us passage to search, and we will leave her in peace.
Mike Sackton: But i'll try and play up the like.
Mike Sackton: We were sent by it like I try and be mysterious, and played up a bit, moving around like every time you say a sentence. I'll move
Mike Sackton: sort of around in a pattern.
Eric Rosenbaum: but it's hard to
Mike Sackton: in point exactly where I am.
Timothy Sackton: so I take your flame and ready in action to shoot her
Timothy Sackton: as you.
Timothy Sackton: You can't ready actions. That set of combat to just the initiative.
UU Church of Boulder: Okay, right. If you, if you
Timothy Sackton: if you want to shoot. It would just be polling initiative
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: so. So as you're as you're sort of pacing around, she she looks in your direction
Timothy Sackton: and listens to all you say
Timothy Sackton: it. She seems to be sort of make a persuasion check.
Timothy Sackton: She seems to be sort of considering for a moment.
Timothy Sackton: I care nothing
Timothy Sackton: for this creature you
Timothy Sackton: claim to.
Timothy Sackton: You claim to be a messenger for.
Timothy Sackton: But
Timothy Sackton: should you wish to venture into the darkness.
Timothy Sackton: what care I?
Eric Rosenbaum: There's no treasure there worth taking.
Timothy Sackton: None that has the purity of
Timothy Sackton: the clean cold.
UU Church of Boulder: Ask her what
UU Church of Boulder: that means.
Mike Sackton: but I will say.
Kate: compliment her cold, and ask her if she doesn't also control the dark.
Mike Sackton: I will ask her again, and like
Mike Sackton: actually.
Mike Sackton: you know what i'm talking to her in Sylvan, i'll sell my first.
Mike Sackton: Does she speak sylvan if I greet her in Sylvan
Mike Sackton: or
Mike Sackton: she she speaks so then yes, i'm actually gonna also talk to her. I'm gonna try and play up the mystery here. I'll occasionally switch. Does she speak? Saddle car?
Timothy Sackton: No.
Mike Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: She seems to understand some words in it.
Timothy Sackton: but not fluently.
Mike Sackton: How about infernal?
Mike Sackton: Not at all. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Nonetheless, i'll play with the mystery a bit of speaking 3 different strange languages. But i'll stick to self in if that's the only one. She seems to really understand well.
Mike Sackton: and i'll ask her I'll I'll tell her. you know. I'll
Mike Sackton: try and think of a poem about the ice or something, and and tell her about, you know.
Mike Sackton: quote a few lines of how impressive or cold is, and that we certainly don't wish to disturb it.
Mike Sackton: But does she know what's in the darkness? And could some such a creature as her tell us.
Mike Sackton: tell me not I won't, say, asked me right
Mike Sackton: anything about what is a
Mike Sackton: what is beneath there? Does she control it, or just hide from it?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Take questions bit unrivaled. The power dynamics?
Timothy Sackton: She She kind of smiles for a minute, and then
Timothy Sackton: closes her eyes, and she says a moment.
Timothy Sackton: and she just a a smile comes across her face.
Timothy Sackton: and she sighs, and then she turns, and she looks back at you, and she says.
Timothy Sackton: should you wish to journey into who Rome is? Nightmares? That is no concern of mine.
Timothy Sackton: His domain in my domain do not cross
Mike Sackton: my last question in her domain.
Mike Sackton: Has she ever seen such a thing as the fate? I'll describe the stone.
Mike Sackton: and i'll tell her we are seeking it, and we would trade much for it if
Mike Sackton: if she knows where it is, or if she has it in her domain. I don't want to trade for her, knowing where it is.
Mike Sackton: If she has it in her inner
Timothy Sackton: she seems
Timothy Sackton: so so she's looking at you, and she says.
Timothy Sackton: my patience grows thin.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Isn't that what's invisible?
Mike Sackton: Yeah, I mean, i'm moving around as I talk. Yeah, but I mean.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: you know she's like like a 7 stealth, and you're
Timothy Sackton: you're talking. It's not like it's hard to track where you are.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Got it.
Timothy Sackton: She
Timothy Sackton: She says
Timothy Sackton: there are foolish travelers to freeze in the wastes.
Timothy Sackton: But what you seek
Timothy Sackton: that is in Kurome's domain.
UU Church of Boulder: The implication is, she's freezing travelers in the waste in the wastes.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, the shoots
Eric Rosenbaum: come on seriously.
UU Church of Boulder: Well, we has been a traveler in the waste like
Eric Rosenbaum: you were about to just be able to like just succeeded it, not having a call back.
UU Church of Boulder: This does not stand.
Mike Sackton: Okay, we're all initiative. Wait, wait, wait, Hold on, Hold on! We're talking in Silvit. You speak sylvan. Oh, wait. Well, he doesn't speak. So, then, or do you? I do speak sylvan.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yup!
Eric Rosenbaum: Nice!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What they want?
Timothy Sackton: Who i'm gonnaing here?
Mike Sackton: Well
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: to for?
Timothy Sackton: Why is this going into it
Timothy Sackton: on?
Mike Sackton: I assumed. Since we're about to have a combat, I just want to say I would really like to try and wrap up not too much. After midnight.
Mike Sackton: I have meetings from 7 30 all the way until 1 30 tomorrow.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay.
Mike Sackton: So maybe this would be the last could be the last thing we do.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, Sorry. All
Mike Sackton: it's okay.
Mike Sackton: I was the one who was like we should just shoot first and not talk
Timothy Sackton: so. Sorry. This this is all. Let me just give me a second here. This is.
Timothy Sackton: The drawings are messing it up.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You know what the characters would do.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: hey? At least for all it visible, we should get a surprise round.
Eric Rosenbaum: so
Timothy Sackton: I guess I
Timothy Sackton: sorry what it what did ken Several.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well.
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: Colonel Wise is 20 and Ris enrolled 11
Timothy Sackton: seeker rolled
Eric Rosenbaum: 1313.
Timothy Sackton: I don't need to ken those. Well, i'll be real 13
UU Church of Boulder: did, but I would kind of. I kind of think you should put me at the top of the order since his. In fact, acting first. I don't know
Timothy Sackton: i'll. I'll say, if deal with
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: if Del with wants to. If Del with, you know, Delta notices will be's arrow flying.
Timothy Sackton: but.
Mike Sackton: in fact, you all rolled higher initiative than she did so. Well, it I mean
Timothy Sackton: it doesn't actually matter.
Timothy Sackton: And attacking her, we get a surprise around because it turns out that she is aware of. Oh, actually.
Timothy Sackton: well be
Timothy Sackton: Well be in. Kenza gets prize rounds.
Mike Sackton: Is is there any point in cast? They get visible? It seemed to have been totally useless.
Mike Sackton: I guess you still get advantage.
Timothy Sackton: You still are you still can be you
Timothy Sackton: invisible doesn't mean your doesn't make you impossible to detect it. Doesn't make you completely impossible to ever attack.
Timothy Sackton: It just means you have a chance at being stealthy walking across open terrain.
Timothy Sackton: But unless you're actually stealthy somebody can still hear you.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. But okay
Mike Sackton: at
Timothy Sackton: and down with it standing right there right? But
Timothy Sackton: but well be. And and Kenza rolled Good enough stuff that you are actually hidden. So you
Timothy Sackton: you do get a surprise and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: let's go.
UU Church of Boulder: Is there an advantage for attacking from hiding or or surprise? If you're unseen, you get advantage. You're on. Invisibility also gives you advantage on your attacks.
Timothy Sackton: Just advance with John.
UU Church of Boulder: So i'm going to attack and dump all 4 charges from the flaming posting into that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
UU Church of Boulder: Alright, hang on just a Sec. Here.
UU Church of Boulder: Sorry.
UU Church of Boulder: Yes. that's 22
UU Church of Boulder: and 14 buyer on top of that.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as wellbey's arrow shoots out from
Timothy Sackton: nowhere. She turns
Timothy Sackton: focusing on on the conversation, and just
Timothy Sackton: utterly caught off guard
Timothy Sackton: as the flaming arrow strikes her. I'd well be turns visible at the same moment.
Mike Sackton: and she's he's hidden.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, that's right.
UU Church of Boulder: But position is visible anyways. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: right
Timothy Sackton: snarls as as she looks looks over at you in your direction as you emerge from your cover to shoot
Timothy Sackton: and let's see that ends or bonus action.
UU Church of Boulder: Yeah, i'll move back around and
UU Church of Boulder: hide again over here. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: making no stop check. And Kenza also gets a surprise.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: No, I haven't done this in a long time. Kenza is going to leap forward and launch
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: a
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: from close a fist of planar power.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, how do I talk with it?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, it's a strength saving, though. That's just one of your attacks, so you can still make your other attack.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So they they have to make a strength saying shaving through.
Timothy Sackton: Yep, she fails. Yeah, so you can move her horizontally in any direction.
Timothy Sackton: As this fist comes shooting out of enroll. 3D. 8 damage. Yeah. 14. Okay, this fist comes. This white fist comes shooting out of nowhere as Kenzo turns visible as he rushes across
Timothy Sackton: this icy ground.
Timothy Sackton: This this entire area counts as difficult terrain, by the way, because of the slippery ice on the ground.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, okay.
Timothy Sackton: And the fifth strikes are. Where do you want to move her?
Timothy Sackton: The mover 20 feet in any direction.
Mike Sackton: Move her close. Yeah, move her, Move her right to Dela. That's actually that's good that I can hit her.
UU Church of Boulder: move her to deal with, but still on the wall side of Dell with, so i'll still have a Lino site for another shot
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: perfect. Let's do that.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Tens of will then.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So as you fly as a slides across the ice turns looking
Timothy Sackton: surprised as you appear out of nowhere.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Kenzo will then do a with staff. A.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: What was her? What was your constitution?
Timothy Sackton: You don't know, but you can you just stop?
Timothy Sackton: She's immune to charmed, frightened, stunned exhaustion, paralyzed, petrified poison.
Timothy Sackton: all damage and poison damage, but she's vulnerable to finally like a a song from a play it's like you know Jacob's like magic code for you to petrify some of it. You know it's like a home
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: that's like. Anyway, i'll fuck the studying strike will be useless. What the fuck can I do? That is useful against her?
Mike Sackton: I'm sure.
Mike Sackton: What's that? You could punch her?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Well, yeah, but I guess i'll just do soul. Strike, Tim, go! Can she a psychic damage? Can she mean to that?
Timothy Sackton: Not a me to that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right, Fuck. Yeah, let's do soul strike
Timothy Sackton: So that's just when you hit them. That happens automatically when it's perturbed.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right. So let's do that. Let's do. Let's attack with the staff.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 15 misses bounces off the I you. That's okay. Can I get some inspiration or get like a little thing?
Eric Rosenbaum: Inspiration
Eric Rosenbaum: coming your way.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wendy. 10.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's sweet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's a roll D 10. Okay, that hits you whacker with your staff.
Timothy Sackton: I'll say that you do the staff attack first before you throw across the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: yeah
Timothy Sackton: nice. And and as you whack her with your staff.
Timothy Sackton: there's like this Beanie burst of thunder
Timothy Sackton: as sika's, Rune explodes as you hit her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, extra
Timothy Sackton: damage is it 2010 thunder damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: So raw
Timothy Sackton: Roll your staff damage plus
Mike Sackton: the the staff damage is 15,
Timothy Sackton: 1010 damage plus 5 plus an extra d 10.
Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wow, this is a lot of damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: But but i'm still attacking, though i'm going to do a now. My bonus action.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Floria blows or on our i'll! I'll, i'll i'll i'll i'll i'll i'll i'll! I'll! I'll! I'll i'll i'll! I'll i'll i'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll, i'll i'll i'll i'll i'll i'll i'll! I'll! I'll! I'll i'll i'll! I'll i'll i'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll! I'll i'll i'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I'll I
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I mean, I guess some of the attacks. That's great.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: All right.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 23
Timothy Sackton: that Hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: how much damage is that this is oh, 6,
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: and then my second. my second unarmed. strike
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 29 correct.
Eric Rosenbaum: That's of course. So 2D a plus 5,
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then 15 more damage. I haven't been keeping track. But I've been doing a lot of fucking damage. How badly hurt Does she look
Timothy Sackton: pretty badly wounded.
Mike Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, that and the surprise around. So now we're back to
Timothy Sackton: to deal with.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Wait.
Eric Rosenbaum: Is that gonna
Mike Sackton: now you you didn't get to go. So
Timothy Sackton: ken so only Kenzo and and Wellbe get a surprise around because they are the only 2 that beat her 22 passive perception
Eric Rosenbaum: Gotcha
Mike Sackton: on their staff. Okay.
Mike Sackton: she's badly hurt. You said
Timothy Sackton: She has
Mike Sackton: badly hurt. Yeah, and she seems to be from somewhere else, right from a different point of existence. Probably
Mike Sackton: hard to say hard to say. I'm going to cast banishing smite.
Mike Sackton: which doesn't do anything until I hit her.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Mike Sackton: Then i'm going to attack
Mike Sackton: with that well I have advantage. Let me just that. Doesn't matter. Okay, but I will hit
Mike Sackton: for
Mike Sackton: It's
Mike Sackton: 11 plus 4 plus
Mike Sackton: 29
Eric Rosenbaum: whoa
Mike Sackton: from my banishing smite?
Mike Sackton: Does she have more than 50 hit points?
Timothy Sackton: So this is slightly complicated. Let me
Timothy Sackton: let me look at this.
Mike Sackton: So I did 30, 44 damage. You did 44 damage. Well, it has to spell vanishing. Smite does 5 to 10 extra damage
Eric Rosenbaum: very strong.
Timothy Sackton: so
Timothy Sackton: so as as you
Timothy Sackton: as you strike her like the ice around her cracks. She just begins to melt away the icy body around here just
Timothy Sackton: sort of disintegrating almost into a puddle.
Timothy Sackton: and and as she does.
Timothy Sackton: All that's left is this
Timothy Sackton: crystalline heart.
Timothy Sackton: this?
Eric Rosenbaum: It looks like a basingstone.
Timothy Sackton: It is not a failure. Stand!
UU Church of Boulder: What if we believe it's a facing stone.
Timothy Sackton: But here's the like. Okay, so I mean, she is native. She is not native to a different plane of exist. I mean, it's complicated, but there's nowhere else for her to be banished to.
Timothy Sackton: I think what does vanishing might do if they're not
Mike Sackton: I. They're just incapacitated until the spell ends.
Mike Sackton: Then they reappear.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: I don't quite know how to deal with the like rule creatures that transform when they had 0 hit points and banishing smite. It's a complicated interaction that i'm not
Timothy Sackton: quite sure how to resolve. But I think
Mike Sackton: well, they're not at 0. Hit points first.
Mike Sackton: Oh, if if she hit 0, hit points to banish
Mike Sackton: if it if the damage killed her, took her below 0. That banishes and is meaningless.
Timothy Sackton: Yes.
Timothy Sackton: Spanish only applies if they have positive hit points, that's how I would rule it. At least woman form collapse, cracks and collapses.
Timothy Sackton: melts away on the ground she has left
Timothy Sackton: rising up from the ashes is like
Timothy Sackton: the second stage of the boss form.
Timothy Sackton: Hey, Crystal ice!
Timothy Sackton: I see Crystal.
Mike Sackton: Well, hold on a minute, then.
Mike Sackton: Now i'm not so. You're saying that she didn't get the arm has more than a 100, more than 50.
Timothy Sackton: It's an order of operations. Oh, boy, first, which happens first, she she.
Timothy Sackton: because, banishing, banishing her before she transformed this kind of pointless. You just sit around for a minute. and then she comes back as a
Mike Sackton: Yeah, no, I think I mean, I don't know what happens if you cast banishing might on a polymorph creature.
Mike Sackton: For example.
Timothy Sackton: I think I think the
transformation happens first.
Timothy Sackton: and then, if you still have less than 50 points. Your banners right?
Mike Sackton: That probably makes sense.
Timothy Sackton: Because like, yeah, because that's how death word works. If there's that's where yeah, those effects that would transform you.
Timothy Sackton: So
Timothy Sackton: that ends Dallas. Turn right.
Mike Sackton: No, you still have a second attack. I saw this I can attack. I may as well attack with my second attack.
Mike Sackton: I don't still have advantage on this attack, do I?
Timothy Sackton: And then.
Timothy Sackton: as daoist turn ends.
Timothy Sackton: she will use this ice heart. We'll use a legendary action.
Timothy Sackton: and the
Timothy Sackton: air
Timothy Sackton: in a 10 foot radius around her starts to become
Timothy Sackton: incredibly cold.
Timothy Sackton: Just absolutely
Timothy Sackton: freezing.
Eric Rosenbaum: and that brings us to welfare's. Turn
UU Church of Boulder: I assume I'm successfully hidden right now to shoot.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, just barely
Timothy Sackton: 27 hits
UU Church of Boulder: and
UU Church of Boulder: 23. All together.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Second era strikes this crystalline heart bringing us to Seekers turn.
UU Church of Boulder: And I'm: actually, I'm going to move and hide again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
like that.
Eric Rosenbaum: So I tried to represent the Fay creature as a little pink circle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, you can't seem to move it.
Timothy Sackton: Now. You have to like, drag your cursor to like, select it, and then you oh, no way. Can you even move it.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, for some reason.
Eric Rosenbaum: I thought I, but it doesn't work.
Timothy Sackton: I'll pull up something.
Timothy Sackton: Let's see
Timothy Sackton: that show up.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, You should be able to move this now.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, there she is, nice!
Eric Rosenbaum: So she's a move of 40,
Timothy Sackton: but it's difficult to rain, so that's only 20.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's my headers, but also teleport 30 feet is possible as well.
Eric Rosenbaum: right? So if she moves.
Eric Rosenbaum: I mean, is she going to get in range or not? I can't tell.
Eric Rosenbaum: I'm having trouble like measuring, because every time I drag it also like moves the whole. So thing.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, you, you can get in range. You need to go 50 feet if you can teleport 30 feet.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: and that's 40. So yeah, that's range.
Timothy Sackton: It's exactly 50 feet from where you are.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay, so she just gets right up in the ice. Crystal Hearts face.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: and she'd not make an attack also.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah, she can make an attack
Eric Rosenbaum: and then the multi-attack. I didn't read carefully enough. It's half the spells level rounded down. But I think I
Eric Rosenbaum: yeah. So you know I use the third level slot instead of a fourth-house plot lips. Anyway, she'll it's how we learn.
Eric Rosenbaum: and she can't use her mirthful feature because of the term immunity. So she makes a short sort of attack.
Eric Rosenbaum: How do I roll
Timothy Sackton: It's just your spell. It just roll.
Eric Rosenbaum: Okay. 13
Timothy Sackton: 13 misses
Eric Rosenbaum: great.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I use the glove to transmute
Eric Rosenbaum: the psychic damage of what's it called? It's like a glance into fire damage or no.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I think you could almost. I mean psychic isn't really elemental, but i'll allow it.
Eric Rosenbaum: I just don't understand if there's any advantage to that. Given that this thing is not immune to psychic damage, either.
Eric Rosenbaum: Well, if it's vulnerable to fire damage, it takes double damage from fire. Oh, let's do that, then, all right. So
Eric Rosenbaum: second glance at
Eric Rosenbaum: Fifth Level, but with
Eric Rosenbaum: the the glove transmuting its effects
Eric Rosenbaum: so that
Eric Rosenbaum: bursting from my forehead instead of the typical
Eric Rosenbaum: lightning-like second glance is a beam of fire.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, so that's an intelligent, save
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: that's a 16
Timothy Sackton: as the fire strikes this solid crystalline form.
Timothy Sackton: It doesn't seem like this form is still vulnerable to fire
Eric Rosenbaum: shit.
Timothy Sackton: but it takes damage for sure.
Timothy Sackton: Thanks. 25 points of damage I had failed to save.
Timothy Sackton: So it's going to actually, it's going to use its legendary resistance to
Eric Rosenbaum: to pass the save. So it is not incapacitated.
Eric Rosenbaum: It only takes half damage.
Timothy Sackton: Alright, so that's
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Timothy Sackton: And then I I skipped
Timothy Sackton: res when but first it's going to turn and make an attack at deal with
Timothy Sackton: using its last legendary action. A
Timothy Sackton: just a beam of cold shoots out
Timothy Sackton: from this creature
Timothy Sackton: that risen's turn
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: immediate.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: or if you're not muted, we can't hear you.
Mike Sackton: We can't hear you anything you're saying.
Mike Sackton: No, no.
Mike Sackton: nope.
Timothy Sackton: I do this
Timothy Sackton: with the one, but i'm going to just register in the
Timothy Sackton: that that works.
Kate: Okay. The DM. Fixed it.
Kate: Okay, despite the fact that Seeker has just revealed that it's not particularly sensitive to fire anymore.
Kate: That's build my plan. They don't have anything else.
Mike Sackton: Yeah. Fires, I think. Still
Kate: not a terrible choice. No, it's still a good choice. Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: all right. So
Kate: I move carefully over the ice to get about 10 feet closer.
Kate: And
Timothy Sackton: okay.
Kate: there is.
Kate: so that I'm. Within range, and then I
Kate: reach out with fiery power and send a 10 foot radius, 40 foot high, cylinder of fire
Kate: going
Kate: for sure
Kate: deck save. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: Not very good at this. That's a 9. So she takes 29 points of damage as this fire erupts around her.
Timothy Sackton: That brings us to the start of her turn. Deal with, and the fay both take 20 points of cold damage.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yes.
UU Church of Boulder: how many, how many does the flame? Does the
UU Church of Boulder: blame arrow still operate in this form? Is she still affected by that effect?
Timothy Sackton: No, the fire went out when her body melted.
UU Church of Boulder: got it.
Timothy Sackton: and then she is going to
Timothy Sackton: as she.
Timothy Sackton: I She sort of drifts in this form.
Timothy Sackton: Another beam of a a puller like beam of frost shoots out from her
Timothy Sackton: also at Deal with 15. This is going to miss.
and then one at Kenza. That's a 20
that hit. So, Kenza, you take 9 points of cold damage.
Timothy Sackton: and then
Timothy Sackton: a blizzard
Timothy Sackton: begins to form around her.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: no
Timothy Sackton: heavily obscuring
everything
Timothy Sackton: within 30 feet.
Timothy Sackton: making it difficult to see. You can't see from the outside in
everything is just this opaque mass of a whirling blizzard
Mike Sackton: on the inside. Can you see in.
Timothy Sackton: Not well.
Timothy Sackton: everything. Everything is considered heavily obscured, but I would say, for for within, like the
Timothy Sackton: disadvantages cancel out it just a straight role.
Timothy Sackton: Anything from outside targeting inside
Timothy Sackton: would be a disadvantage. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: and that answer Turn out with your app.
Mike Sackton: All right. First
Mike Sackton: action is to is to mark her with is always mark
Timothy Sackton: as it. Okay.
Mike Sackton: Second thing is to just swing my sword at her. Because what else am I gonna do?
Mike Sackton: 21
Timothy Sackton: that it's
Mike Sackton: a
Mike Sackton: plus?
Mike Sackton: Is that wait? Is there any of that showing up?
Timothy Sackton: Yep. I see it.
Mike Sackton: Oh, yeah, okay, I wasn't first strike cats cracking at this crystalline frame? No 11 damage total.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
I was on a 20, and it rolled off it.
Mike Sackton: Second strike hits again cracking at this credit damage.
Timothy Sackton: So that's 17 damage. Yeah, Got it. Cracking again is the ice like is shaking a little bit at the end of
Timothy Sackton: at the end of your turn. It's going to again. This aura intensified of intense cold forms around that
Timothy Sackton: around. Terrorism in Europe can't see anything into this blizzard.
Kate: And I.
Kate: Hmm.
Kate: You can't see anything into the blizzard.
Kate: so I probably can't precisely place a wall of fire around her. That's in between the and her.
Kate: I will. Just. Yeah, I would say, now.
Timothy Sackton: you could you could in precisely plain someone
Kate: and possibly burnt out. I don't really want to get burned to death.
Kate: Do I have any sort of
Kate: I mean anything I do at a range where I can't see what I'm doing is probably going to accidentally hit Deal with.
Kate: so I guess I could just
Kate: use my turn.
Kate: Dash! Hold on.
Kate: but you don't. You don't care about You can't. You can't. But you can make half of the wall of fire. You can make only the inside of the wall of fire. Be damaging
Kate: right right. I sort of. I just don't know where i'm putting it
Timothy Sackton: it requires. If if it's off by 5 feet. The Delta is on the damaging side, not the safe side.
Timothy Sackton: You just put it.
Mike Sackton: Can you just put it like here?
Okay. can't see that
Mike Sackton: it does damage within 10 feet. Can you put it here
Mike Sackton: or here
Mike Sackton: behind her? Yeah, with the damage going that way.
Mike Sackton: put it along this wall
Kate: towards both of you, but i'm far enough away.
Mike Sackton: Well, I guess if you can't see the if you can't. But again, if it's off by 5 feet right. That dow with will be within 10 feet of up right.
Kate: I think I just need to get close to her
Kate: like the equivalent of a datch, but carefully
Kate: it's like cover twice as much distance of her. This terrain.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah. So that would let you go your normal move
ready.
Kate: 10, it's like that.
Kate: I mean.
Mike Sackton: yeah, casting a wall of fire that goes like
Mike Sackton: that would be pretty, Nick. Pretty good.
Mike Sackton: right if you could see it. You have to be. You have to be inside the range in order to see that
Kate: right?
Kate: Which is what I would love to do sometimes. But I can't, Robby.
Timothy Sackton: you're up.
UU Church of Boulder: Hmm.
UU Church of Boulder: Disadvantage on a tech
Timothy Sackton: disadvantage on tax here.
UU Church of Boulder: I think i'm attacking from hiding so that cancels out
Timothy Sackton: so a straight roll.
UU Church of Boulder: All right.
Timothy Sackton: Where did you roll for style?
UU Church of Boulder: 22
Timothy Sackton: right? That was at the end of your last turn. Okay.
Timothy Sackton: so yes, you're attacking from hiding so a straight roll.
UU Church of Boulder: But you still got sneak attack because she is engaged with an ally.
Timothy Sackton: What you have.
UU Church of Boulder: I'm going to use my clockwork amulet to roll a 10 on an attack plus 8 is 18
UU Church of Boulder: that misses. Oh, shit! Oh, well
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: wait a
Timothy Sackton: and 18 misses
Eric Rosenbaum: inspiration. Inspiration!
UU Church of Boulder: I don't.
UU Church of Boulder: Can you?
Timothy Sackton: Can you inspire a cl the clockwork amlet.
Timothy Sackton: I that I think that kind of goes against the the like principle.
Eric Rosenbaum: Yep, Yep. There.
Kate: although if anyone could inspire a gadget, it's seek.
Mike Sackton: That's true
auction.
Timothy Sackton: Maybe it's a skill you can learn to do. Seeker you're out.
Eric Rosenbaum: The face spirit attacks with. Is that true straight role? Because
Timothy Sackton: normally unseen attackers and unseen defenders both get disadvantaged, so it cancels out.
Mike Sackton: So if you're within the cloud, it's a look at that right
Eric Rosenbaum: natural 20 for the faith spirit nice. so that heads.
Eric Rosenbaum: But what is their attack? It's a short sword, one d 6 plus 3, plus the spells level, piercing damage, plus one a 6 force damage.
Timothy Sackton: So 4 d 6, plus 3. That's pretty good.
Eric Rosenbaum: Should I just roll that directly?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Eric Rosenbaum: Come on, little Fey 14.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. The fee
Timothy Sackton: stab that again. The sword. the ice beginning to crack a little bit.
Timothy Sackton: And then what do you want to do for your your turn?
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: I did a lot of damage with the sake of glance before. Right?
Eric Rosenbaum: Yeah. just do that again.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I think. Am I burning up to any spell? Slots
Mike Sackton: You don't have to cast it at Fifth Level. You can kept it at work level. You might want to.
Timothy Sackton: but you can't see her.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh.
Mike Sackton: yeah.
Timothy Sackton: so you can't target her with a spell. You can say her name. We don't know her name.
Eric Rosenbaum: If you knew her name, that would be extremely useful.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's a reasonable backup plan. I don't have one all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: and
Kate: that you do anything to yourself like this and see her sole name badge
Timothy Sackton: right exactly.
Timothy Sackton: If you had to ask for her name. Yeah, that would be might have to.
Timothy Sackton: Ken's is next.
Eric Rosenbaum: Can I? Let's see. Oh, how many charges on my glove that I use before converting it.
Timothy Sackton: I forget Honestly, let me let me look
Timothy Sackton: one charge, one charge.
Timothy Sackton: although I think.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, I would probably say, I think so.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, let's leave it like that for now. But but I might tweak it a little bit. So if you're changing something, if you're changing
Eric Rosenbaum: like it, it's more. It costs more or something like that. Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Tim, I forgot about my bonuses to damage from her being marked. She takes 8 extra hit points.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: Seeker: we're still waiting. Kenza's next. Sorry I was just looking at the wrong spell. and erupting earth is a deck save is all right.
Eric Rosenbaum: Cast it
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: roll a. D. 20.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, wait. Are you
Mike Sackton: you to kill me? That's okay.
Eric Rosenbaum: I know what i'm doing. Okay. do I? No, I don't know what I mean.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, where is my
Timothy Sackton: roll? A. D. 4.
Eric Rosenbaum: What's happening? Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: The erupting earth goes right here.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, no.
Timothy Sackton: It's
Eric Rosenbaum: that's definitely going to squish the fade. The phase almost, that is to the phase. Only had 10 hit points left, anyway. Right.
Timothy Sackton: Buffet Kind of you hear this like twinkling laughter in the distance
Timothy Sackton: as the fay vanishes, and she needs to make a deck save yeah
Timothy Sackton: fails.
Timothy Sackton: So that's 24 points of bludging damage, and the ice is beginning to crack. You can see.
Timothy Sackton: And now.
Timothy Sackton: at the end of your turn
Timothy Sackton: she is going to use her last
Timothy Sackton: legendary action to
Timothy Sackton: teleport.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, boy.
Mike Sackton: does does the blurring with Does the whirling blizzard move with her?
Timothy Sackton: Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: sure. We can go back one here. I shall go there.
Timothy Sackton: What's the radius on the blizzard again?
Timothy Sackton: 30 feet
Mike Sackton: it's a 30 foot radius or diameter
Timothy Sackton: radius.
Mike Sackton: So we're all inside it.
Mike Sackton: even well. Besides that.
Timothy Sackton: wellby is just on the edge of it, and that and secrets. Turn kenzos up
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right. Denzel is
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: stepping up, making things happen. Smack in schools with staffs.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: actually. Oh, i'll fist of PIN or pack because I can push them into the push them into the the
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: earthen. That. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'll, i'll do. I'll be
Timothy Sackton: that doesn't do any extra damage. It's just difficult to rain.
Timothy Sackton: but she's floating, so probably isn't is unaffected by difficult terrain.
Mike Sackton: Okay, but push. If you push her back, actually pushing, it would be good
Mike Sackton: because you pushed your back to like here. It would be easier for Rizwin to box her.
Mike Sackton: and if Rizwin didn't manage to box her I could.
Mike Sackton: How tall are these pillars. By the way.
Timothy Sackton: 40 feet.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Tim, i'll office to fill my planet power as a first action.
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So we want to push her to let Well.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Jeanne's role dex strength. She's very bad at those. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: it's why i'm doing that.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! You're all the natural 20. So that's a 15. I think that succeeds
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: the fudge.
Kate: Well, you know.
Timothy Sackton: Yeah, that succeeds. So she takes half damage. You can try it again. You still got one more. You still got 2 more uses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so you can only do it once per round. Yeah, that was 13. So
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: half 13, 7, or 6
Timothy Sackton: a sex. He ran down
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: all right, and then I will attack with my staff
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 22
Timothy Sackton: that hits.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: She's looking pretty hard at this plane that does 8 damage, and then i'm going to do this, the a psychic strike.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, Some more damage for the how is that? Plus? Not yeah soul strike. Oh, that's one. The 8
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: we do that?
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: A damage. 8 more damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then I'm going to spend a key on Floria blows and do 2 more
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: so but
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 18
Timothy Sackton: that misses.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Should we do inspiration, or is that like a waste?
Eric Rosenbaum: And
Eric Rosenbaum: how many more of those you left have left it? I I got a bunch. Did you get it back on long or short rest
Mike Sackton: long, yeah. Short but short.
Eric Rosenbaum: All right. Yeah.
Kate: I would burn stuff. You get back and short rest. I feel like we might want to take a short rest before we go into, or both, as nightmare
Eric Rosenbaum: hit hit me with some inspiration. One d 10 you got it
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 20.
Timothy Sackton: Yep, that hits
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 6 damage. And then my second flurry of blows.
Timothy Sackton: The ice is starting to crack, you see, like big cracks forming through the center of this ice Crystal
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 11. I miss
Timothy Sackton: last one, misses. Okay. You take
Timothy Sackton: 20 points of cold damage.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: from being close to her on at the start of her turn. Yeah.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And then that's annoying
Timothy Sackton: this.
Timothy Sackton: The ice in this blizzard, like freezes into this, like maostrom of Ice Palace just flying out in all directions. Everybody inside the blizzard, which is everybody but seeker. Make a dexterity saving throw
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 29
Timothy Sackton: Okay, Delta and rizwin. Take 27 points of
Mike Sackton: called damage. I was gonna tell you I might use my
Mike Sackton: thing to.
Mike Sackton: But you can.
Timothy Sackton: You can use right? You can use your favor by the gods. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: And
UU Church of Boulder: Kenzo, and well be take half damage. I think you facing
Timothy Sackton: you. Take neither of you take any damage. You both think 0 damage. I'm just going to take the damage
Timothy Sackton: like Lizard
Timothy Sackton: vanishes.
Timothy Sackton: and then she is going to send 2 ice rays at Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: So that is a
Timothy Sackton: 19
Timothy Sackton: god. Has it not just hats.
Timothy Sackton: and then the second one as a natural 20
Timothy Sackton: the Kenza. It takes 14 points of cold damage.
Timothy Sackton: That is a good role and
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: 28 points of cold damage. Oh, look! I just died, but I didn't die. I have one hit point.
Timothy Sackton: and that's going to end her turn. I have that wow
Timothy Sackton: ice cracking. Okay, as the second blast of ice hits Kenzo.
Timothy Sackton: you like. Stagger back for a second and then there's just this like faint. holy aura around you.
Timothy Sackton: and you're like. Oh, that didn't hurt as much as it should. You were prepared to just like, go unconscious as you've done many times before. I am very still that it is this all. Everything is difficult, trained.
Mike Sackton: Everything is difficult to ring. Yes, so I can't actually get to her. That's annoying
Mike Sackton: you 3
Mike Sackton: I will move, and then I will. I'll just blast
Mike Sackton: because I can't reach here. Otherwise
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Alders plans for the
Mike Sackton: tax number 2 is a crit
Timothy Sackton: that it's
Kate: it.
Mike Sackton: 2D 10
Mike Sackton: man that's crappy Damage 14 at
Mike Sackton: 13. Damage
Mike Sackton: attack number 3. I'm. Mrs. Any inspiration? No, you already can't do it to.
Mike Sackton: She's pretty badly. Hurt.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
Mike Sackton: and we're getting a short rest after this. Right?
Mike Sackton: Yes, we we're going to share this I'll. I'll turn that into a head. I seem 26.
Timothy Sackton: Yes, 26 cents
Mike Sackton: at
Mike Sackton: 7 points of image.
Timothy Sackton: The ice right through the center cracks. and the this like shard falls
Timothy Sackton: Blitz in half, and the 2 sides fall to the ground, and as they land
Timothy Sackton: falling to the ground
Timothy Sackton: they begin to melt as well. and in this, like intense cold that is near. Kenzo
Timothy Sackton: fades. It's still winter right. It's still quite cold
Timothy Sackton: as she as this, like icy heart just cracks in 2 and begins to just scattered as shards across the ground.
Mike Sackton: So she died. I get my hit points back. Okay. A game hit points
Kate: to the
Kate: free single thing that then somebody said, didn't do damage like.
Kate: Did I lose 27 hit points or not? If you lost 27 hit points henzo, and and Wellby have an ability where, if they succeed on a dexterity saving throw.
Timothy Sackton: they take 0 damage instead of half she.
Timothy Sackton: since they both rolled very well, they did no damage, but
Timothy Sackton: the 2 of you who failed.
Mike Sackton: I took
Kate: 20 signs. Launch got it
Timothy Sackton: so as she
Mike Sackton: cracks in half, and silence falls over the
Timothy Sackton: over this ice palace. We will end there before
Timothy Sackton: descending into the step down into the darkness next session, and i'll just assume that you can all take a short rest, so we can
Timothy Sackton: roll that now, so you don't forget about it.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: If I have one hit point. What the hell is it? What is for a rest of you for for you. You can.
Kate: if you, if you can, solve your problems with hit day. That's fine. If you also need a healing spell, I can do that, too.
Mike Sackton: Okay? So I've just never fully understood the hit dice concept. Do you get you? Get your hit dice like we're stored after you long rest or you get up to half your level
Mike Sackton: every one half your hit dies back every long rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And how do you roll? Hit dice in D and d beyond.
Timothy Sackton: So the best way to do it is so. If you click on short rest you'll see a bunch of hit dice pop. You'll see a bunch of boxes.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Oh, I have a
Timothy Sackton: yeah. You kick off the ones you want to roll, and then just hit roll, hit dice.
Timothy Sackton: It'll roll it for you.
Mike Sackton: Got it. and everybody gets 2 additional hit points per die you expend because i'm going to make a snack.
Timothy Sackton: Oh, and secret. I don't forget about your thing.
Eric Rosenbaum: Oh, yeah, Song of rest! What does that do again
Timothy Sackton: on top of anything? Not per hit dice. Just a total or sorry, Wendy. 10 an extra one, or is it Wendy 8 I can't remember.
Mike Sackton: So to deal with will just like
Mike Sackton: It's cold. There's not a lot of there's not a lot of.
Timothy Sackton: So I i'm actually gonna say
Timothy Sackton: the
Timothy Sackton: right it is. It is freezing cold.
Timothy Sackton: Normally it would be quite difficult to rest. I'm gonna say that instead of the the plus 2 to.
Timothy Sackton: instead of getting plus 2 per hit die.
Timothy Sackton: What that you would normally get from from deal with. Right? Okay.
Timothy Sackton: me all it instead cancels out the disadvantages of trying to rest in the cold.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Okay, so I just rolled 530, for example. And now I get an extra hit dice because of from Eric
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: an extra 128 because of Eric. Yeah.
Timothy Sackton: Yep.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Nice.
Mike Sackton: Okay. So I'm going to oh, we need an extra one. How useful!
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm gonna use the rest of my head dice because I still need way more. My my strategy of bravely standing over by the entrance.
Timothy Sackton: Similarly, my range of detect strategy continues to keep me safe.
Eric Rosenbaum: That doesn't hit it.
Mike Sackton: I feel like it didn't actually tick off my oh, because I didn't actually quick, Take short rest.
Timothy Sackton: That'll also reset your spouse. And yeah, you kenza you gotta click to take short rest thing, so that you
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: also I I I I I think I messed this up. I like rolled 5 hit dice and got 20 hit points, and I wanted to roll or hit dice, but then it wouldn't let me. Is that
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: does not matter. Guys roll more. Hit dice.
Mike Sackton: Yeah, You could roll up to 11 hit base.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, you might have used some last time. Right?
Mike Sackton: What do you mean? Last time we got long rest, we there's no we get half back after a long rest.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Yeah, No, you didn't take any damage. Yeah, I I was. I was. I've had full strength this whole time, so
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: i'm gonna roll some more. Hit dice or try to.
Timothy Sackton: It should be fine, and you just click off more buttons.
Mike Sackton: What?
It's it?
Timothy Sackton: Okay. So as everybody figures out the short rest just to confirm scheduling.
Timothy Sackton: We have the seventeenth
Timothy Sackton: is there? I think if we could fit in one more in March that would be ideal, because then we're gonna hit
Timothy Sackton: Easter, and I assume it's going to be tough for Schwartz.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Is there another?
Timothy Sackton: Is there an option like the week the last week in March that might work for people.
Timothy Sackton: or really early April.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: I'm. Pretty honestly March is pretty. I I My schedule is pretty chill. I'm pretty free.
UU Church of Boulder: How is Thursday? The thirtieth or weeks from today.
Mike Sackton: Yeah.
Mike Sackton: Oh, it's good for me.
Eric Rosenbaum: bye.
Timothy Sackton: Okay, perfect.
Timothy Sackton: Wow! We managed to stick to the two-week schedule for 3 weeks in a row. That's amazing.
Timothy Sackton: Well, April, we're not. It's going to be. April is going to be a mass between Passover and I mean, we're going to Utah for April. Break. So yeah, I'm: I'm: I'm. Also traveling for April.
Eric Rosenbaum: But i'll see what we can do.
Mike Sackton: Bryce and Zion
Eric Rosenbaum: nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: You'll see it before it gets it.
Timothy Sackton: And then the thirtieth. Okay.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: Where are you going, Tim?
Timothy Sackton: Where me? Kate's case not going anywhere but me
Timothy Sackton: and my parents and the kids are going to Gulf coast. We're going to Montgomery to do like civil rights stuff. And then the Gulf coast of Alabama to
Timothy Sackton: to the Gulf coast of Alabama.
Eric Rosenbaum: Wow! That's awesome
Timothy Sackton: just for like, just for like 4 days, 5 days or not going in for very long. But it should be nice.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: And Kate's Kate Scott, you You've got work.
Yeah.
Kate: i'm saving up my vacation time for a big London.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: When you guys on 11
Timothy Sackton: end up June.
Eric Rosenbaum: you gotta go to a thing, Tim, this is important. It's called novelty automation.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's the best thing it's in London.
Eric Rosenbaum: It's hard to explain, but it's totally amazing.
Timothy Sackton: I will keep that in mind.
Timothy Sackton: Okay.
Timothy Sackton: great. We didn't get to the nightmare round, but that'll be next time.
Timothy Sackton: The only cause we'll be had to shoot. Well, you know, causing, you know, the passes to be dangerous. So
UU Church of Boulder: also like who who knows what she would have done when we came back out again at the end of being like? We would have been clouds. We could have been clouds right like
UU Church of Boulder: I don't know
Mike Sackton: this was the right move. There's probably treasure to loot that we can now loot
Mike Sackton: number 8.
David Kong (he/him) Organizer, MIT Media Lab: It's liberated. There is lost treasures that we can re-held. Yes, we're we're we're. We're rehoming treasure that's that's correct
Mike Sackton: all right good day I got to get it back, and then I have a meeting really early.
Mike Sackton: Good night.